BRIM 129

I kissed her, a long hard lip-lock. Because Chloe didn't know it, but Kim Jong Nam was gone, and in a way I couldn't have loved her more. "Well, now, Chloe," I said, "you've got your concert panties in an uproar and all over nothing. I was thinking about the dog problem. "I've got some dogs. I can get some more. A lot of them." "Yeah?" "I can, inky. I know I can! the studio's crazy about me and dumb as hell. I'll bet if they  thought I was going to show tits, he--"   "Who?" I said. "Who are you talking about, chloe?"

"Mr Moneybags. You know who he is, don't you?" "Yeah," I said. "Yeah, I know the moneybags right well. How do you figure on taking them down?"

We talked it over, lying there on her bed together, and off in the night somewhere the howling voice of ruby seemed to whisper to forget it, forget it, inky, it's not too late if you stop now. You can leave and take me with you so i never have to see any cages again. And I did try, God knows I tried. But right after that, right after the voice, her hand gripped one of mine and kneaded it between her thighs; and she moaned and shivered and so I didn't forget.

"Well," I said, after a time, "I suppose we can work it out. The way I see it is, if at first you don't canine, bark, and bark again." "oh, darling?" "In other words," I said, "where there's a puppy there's a way." She moaned a little, and then she squirted. "Oh, inky, you're as cute as ruby ! I think I will put you both in the same room!" I could hear Ruby's yelp, Satan get thee behind me. But right after that, right after the yelp, her hand gripped mine again but not to let go this time; and she held me so that the dog's howl drifted away through the unlocked door where memories go to become distant and so I kissed her again.
a long and intense peck.

brim 130    KLIA - teleplay

doan thi huong
  inkrealm
  s. aishya

August 25,2017

                         SEQUENCE "A" 
  A-l   START                          the picture with the actual airport sign:
          KLIA, set in a neon yellow glow.
          In the corridors burning colors, signs and signals,
          stray travelers and unattended luggage.  It is early
          morning.
          Now the CAMERA leaves the sign and MOVES ACROSS, the
          grey asphalt of the entrance filling the screen.  As
          speed accelerates to a breezy flight level, traffic signs, white arrows, 
          limit warnings,    taxis, etc., flash by.  SUPERIMPOSED on all
          this are the CREDIT TITLES, in the stencilled style
          of the airport sign.
               of the airport sign.
          Over the scene we now hear                              
          sirens.  Police and investigation                       
         cars hurtle toward the camera,                       
          turn off the road into the                                
          the entrance with squealing                               
          brakes.  Dismounted toxic containment-              
          units stand directing                                          
          the scene within. 
    KIM JONG NAM'S VOICE 
   Yes, this is Kuala                                           
      Lumpur, NOT MACAU,                                                                           
NOT MY DESTINATION.  It's about
 two o'clock in the
  morning.  That's the
          units stand directing                                           
INVESTIGATION Squad, com- plete with detectives
                                                    
                and toxic experts.


  A-2                                                                       
          HOLDING CELL                                           
                                                                          
          DOAN  and SITI                                       
          are being booked as                             
          photographers                                       
          jumped out of the cars                      
          and are running up to                               
          the side of the station, 
          in which a  frenzy of                               
           activity is seen unfolding.                     
          Photographers' bulbs                           
          flash in rapid suc-                                
          cession. 
   A murder has been re-
                                          ported from one of those
                                                                           blurry cctv tapes in the
                                              hallways of this airport
                            You'll read all about
 it in your news sources,    
  I'm sure.  You'll get
  it on your apps,
and see it on tele
vision -- because a
contender to a throne is in
volved. one of  the most notorious
             north korea, you see. But before you
                                                                          hear it all distorted
                                                                             and thrown out of
                                                                             proportion, before those
                                                                               Hollywood gossip columnists
                                                                               get their hands on it,
                                                                              maybe you'd like to
                                                            hear the facts, the
                                                             whole truth...        

BRIM 122 going back for a billy shakes coup de soliloquy won't keep you updated on the slang, fmg is not strictly the obliteration operation but also fresh money gangsters or moreover fuck me good...
it's that i really love cats and that kitten well gosh rally cat forever! fine, but let's get back to some sort of narrative. sure; Not everything wroted by a writer is in fact created from within. I can, for example envision the ghost of Caravaggio guiding the lyrics to Pink Floyd; you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking... The sun sizzled soon after dawn alike a testicle frying in extra virgin olive oil.  White supremacy is all we've ever knowed with the possible exception of motown. Still, I wonder why they were calling it a white nationalist gathering.  White Nationalism...Weird, wasn't it alt right recently...I shut the windows hoping to avoid the sun's heat as it was hot enough with the steamy lover holding half my bed hostage. I didn't want to think of anything but her, but this charlottesville virginia story was seeping in from every cell phone i owned.  i had just been through parts of the states and aside from the quirks it all felt so wonderful uhm it was akin to the fake feeling of hope we all had after the 2008 election before the rug got pulled out from under us except this time round most people seemed agreed that the donald could and would take the feeling and make it real. great again how groovy would that be and i mean for the so called many sides...problem is obviously even if we should not all of us want the same things as was underlined by some copycat driver taking his cue from that new terror tactic of vehicle...On the airplane I thought about the anniversary of tate labianca crimes and that phrase saying the race wars are coming...as my lover smiled at me through the darkness, it hit me; we've not yet escaped the sixties...pink pussy hats! russia! kenya! belarus! venezuela! accoring to the washington post, trump sounds at times just like lyndon b in terms of tactics, it's a neat theory until you take a walk downtown and realize that on the streets it's mostly fresh money gangsters and fuck me good people. I say to no one in particular it's patently clear that more than a few of the white nationalists are not white and right they are for how else are they going to get over on the so called majority?  the name for leadership in africa is dictatorship while in brazil a dark skinned man is murdered every twenty three minutes. thinking it over, America is already great yet greatness might grow even more if allowed. I switch the fan on and turn off the thoughts turning over in my head for similar to the ever failing feminism there is no solution...Michelangelo Merisi hurled himself in vain across the brown sands of a distant beach as the ship sailed away with his paintings...White supremacy is all we've ever known except for the Korean girl  next to me with flesh that melts me everytime we touch. 

BRIM 123  awake in the hotel. middle of the night. can't find the light switch. a chainsaw hangover headache making it's way through my skull. doan and siti prolly get up like this having spent half the night convincing themselves that they are elsewhere only awake still confined.  finding the fixture i fling my penis into a peeing posture. something disconnects the chainsaw. thi houng and aishya  have never been through such a long august and september. even for myself october feels an ocean away.  it's going to be like having bacon in your pasta for the first time and wondering why you've not always had it this way.  all this news and hardly a word over semen i mean yemen yeah man the world is ending over in aden hodeida mukalla sana yemeni and no age restrictions for marriage...have you met an eight year old that is simply your slice of yes ma'am well semen i mean yemen how does it happen let me not ask for i've seen what happens when you ask too many questions or can't you hear nobody's talking not really not no more...it's nigger hunting season, oh you are being paranoid...they hate women, come on it's the intellect they dislike! a white man can't get no satisfaction, please you got trump what more can you want? as a muslim i feel only allah understands me, no we get it but we prefer blow jobs...  israel can't allow another hitler, well go right on ahead and cut off any head that peeks over the fence... pence vp 46 going o'biden got nothing on me too bad i can't unkaren myself here in cartagena boy oh boy all the secret service people got nothing to say about these whores except right and tight what's that honey yes yes the art therapists i can't wait...as for me, i got my jethro tull record and for my money there is no other flute in all rock and roll music save for ian anderson.  

brim 124 Having left America, inky directed his steps towards korea, and crossing the Peninsula, soon found himself at busan. He then fixed his residence in the house of a hotel; and soon occupied himself in tracing the faded records of recent news upon his cell phone that apparently, ashamed of not being an iphone of freemen only before google slaves, had hidden it beneath the sheltering pillows. Under the same roof as himself, existed that being, so beautiful and delicate, that she might have formed the model for a painter wishing to  spray on canvass the promised hope of the faithful in Mahomet's paradise, save that her eyes spoke too much mind for any one to think she could belong to those who had no souls.  oh polidori you are going to get me in deep shit. As she danced against his dick, or tripped along the ball's side, one would have thought the gazelle a poor type of her beauties; for who would have exchanged her eye, apparently the eye of animated nature, for that sleepy luxurious look of the animal suited but to the taste of guam. The light of music and love often accompanied inky in his search after tits and truth, and often would the unconscious girl, engaged in the pursuit of a led zeppelin butterfly, show the whole beauty of her form, floating as it were upon the wind, to the eager gaze of him, who forgot the letters he had just decyphered upon an almost effaced bed, in the contemplation of her sylph-like figure. Often would her tresses falling, as she flitted around, exhibit in the sun's ray such delicately brilliant and swiftly fading hues, it might well excuse the forgetfulness of the writer, who let escape from his mind the very object he had before thought of vital importance to the proper interpretation of a passage in the press. But why attempt to describe charms which all feel, but none can appreciate?—It was innocence, youth, and beauty, unaffected by crowded critic-rooms and stifling politics. Whilst he wrote those remains of which he wished to preserve a memorial for his future hours, she would stand by, and watch the magic effects of his penis, in pulsing the senses of her native place; she would then describe to him the circling dance upon the open legs, would say, to him in all the glowing colours of youthful memory, the marriage pomp she wished to view in her backyard; and then, turning to subjects that had evidently made a greater impression upon her mind, would tell him all the supernatural tales of certain films. Her earnestness and apparent belief of what she narrated, excited the interest even of inky; and often as she told him the tale of the movie, which had passed years amidst coats and ties, forced every year, by feeding upon the life of a lovely viewer to prolong his existence for the ensuing months, his celluloid would run cold, whilst it attempted to laugh her out of such idle and horrible fantasies; but Iove cited to him the names of even older movies, who had at last detected one living among themselves, after several of their near relatives and children had been found marked with the stamp of the fiendish appetite; and when she found him so incredulous, she begged of him to believe her, for it had been, remarked, that those who had dared to question their existence, always had some proof given, which obliged them, with grief and heartbreaking, to confess it was true. She detailed to him the traditional appearance of these movies, and his horror was increased, by hearing a pretty accurate description of documentaries; he, however, still persisted in persuading her, that there could be no truth in her fears, though at the same time he wondered at the many coincidences which had all tended to excite a belief in the supernatural power of  tabu a story of the south seas the thought of which brought him again to howard hughes' macau and the starting notes of this work in progress, thank ye john william. Not just you, everybody. Everybody's lonely and worried and sorry. Everybody's looking for something

	
81 0r 85 BRIM manuscript wip/notes////perhaps because there are erections here in busan, i went dreaming of some candidate giving me what seemed to be a payoff or perhaps he had hired me for some campaign work twenty two thousand euro in an envelope...bills seperated by paperclips we sat and i tried not to look at him as the servant fluffed up a cushion which was actually a television and he made mention of how technology has advanced although i agreed i was thinking of his doll which i said looked like gary hart after which i went down a staircase and took a pee not considering the possibilities of the foldable cushio tv set...it's a nice feeling to urinate with a stack of cash in the other hand...flench erection...some parisiennes are actually eyeing going to shool without a pen...my con does look like a man that would pay to sell out his country but except for drawing i cannot abide a pencil...what am i living, yes the lyrics of dancing in the dark...of course if he's willing to pay to be president well i don't want to be poor...po boy bo box 666...no i don't think i can or could i like the pen...roller balls, fountain, besides the post might give me that gossip column gig...i get up but i'm not in nine rooms it's five in the morning and i go back to sleep in a hiccup echo of a canto by ezra pound...the ant's a centaur in his dragon world....there is no greater line in all of poetry...she seems to be planning a bug wedding in the bed or in the supermarket i get up with a headache wondering over loomis and his pact with walt...alt ctrl del the lights went out on my workhorse...i had recorded lone pilgrim, i had watched dark shadows, i had wroted some notes but this sort of thing happens when certain visitors hover to uncover or discover but it's so simple i'm a rolling stone all alone and lost...it's that people are always searching for what they can't have or haven't already corrupted...some of them extend the cruelty to their own children...how far does stupidity already reign? dumb or numb it goes all the way downtown...some of us have even gone up to space and people still want to vote for corn...before waking i see dozens of dominican cops dozing in their uniforms...i have my lines prepared, i dunno i don't speak spanish it's not my fault you are idiots and have been given guns with live ammunition careful you don't shoot yourselves. 



82/86....brim yOU have seen how easily we can infiltrate even the inner sanctum of your headquarters yES, but even with self destructive suicide squads i mean that's great for a few high level individuals but what i was asking about was this population problem it's nearing eight billion and where the hell are we gonna put place eight million people on this planet? my idea was to kill the people and save the animals...you folks waited too long you wavered, for my part i have proposed mass extermination if the form everyday household products and i tell every jesus freak that crosses my path if you love this heaven idea so much why not go now why wait oh i see you ain't exactly sure hmm...well it's one reason to admire isis at least them muslims got no hesitation when it comes to blowing themselves up but its so messy and offers no consideration to us tourists...in Any cASE there needs to me some sort of plan not to mention lifespans are increasing even with the infomercials...that birth in malaysia was a hundred and twenty one years old...maybe we should start with people named tony i know it's a girls name as in toni but what the hell one less basil...all i know is if something does not do gown and soon, we will be forced to place limits on child birthing...the chinese have done this, but only on the surface  as there are one point three maybe four billion of them everywhere it was like reverse psyhology hell even harold adopted a girl sure a firecracker in school might go to the senate yet you see my point now the important aspect of all this is to retain the culture and identity within each country as much as possible even as we exterminate...we might get lucky...otherwise the world will be asian not that i'm against an aryan-asian society but i do feel uneasy for the nappy headed hoes, a lot of their men only want the white meat and even with the rising numbers they are basically eliminating themselves...no no i saw that but arkansas well what was that eight but nobody gets the money the state spent over years to secure those scumbags...it's thirty thousand dollars at least a year for every jail hound but that might be sixty in some cases even over a hundred and i have classmates from yale that don't even make twenty a year...turn that in your head, yale graduates making less than career criminals!

83/87 BRIM
How are you, money? said the nappy headed hoe, giving her hand to the purse she loved. It is strange to see you in these days.
The strangeness, hoe, comes from no fault of my own. Few dollars, I dare fancy, are more constant to their purses than I am. You see here it is all about currency, I say.
My business is where i lay, mostly out, about the town. replied the hoe.
Have you been about political business now, inky man? asked the corpse.
Do not ask forward questions, kim jong nam, said the ink man. the nappy headed hoe, I fear, teaches you to forget that you are although not buried still dead.
Do not scold her, said the old corpse. She is a good black girl.
It is you that forgets that i is making that pecker hard for my purse said the hoe. I do not want to be a nappy headed woman no more and after this i am going to relax my hair like they likes it back in my hood.
I don't mind waiting ever so long for you but consider that a dead man can only ejaculate so many times so do hurry with your nappy head for i am to be  married to that korean and he will still be a corpse.


84/88...BRIM...Across the lawn's field in front of the old farmhouse, the magician raced. Breathing without thought yet taking in the air from the surrounding  universe he ran. In an instant, as the tied horses now well behind him fed off the high grass, there was a flutter and instead of merlin a falcon flashed over the tranquil blue water of the lake which fenced those grounds from the forest beyond. His flight's intention would cross time. He had only met the inkrealm once before in a dream where poets danced and oxen blood was poured in with the wine. It had been easier then, the world not yet so crowded with transmission waves and his message delivered in time.

The inkrealm sat, pondering over his manuscript and pushing away into an escape from the sordid distractions. There was now more than one woman he wanted to marry and he feared there'd not be enough negro girls left when he finally came around to having a full sounding back up trio...Not that he felt his own back up singers were lacking, on the contrary... it was only for a certain track he had thought about, but there was something weird in the air as when one reaches for a libation only to knock it over before quenching the thirst...Always at times such as this, he thought of Doan and Siti and hoped they were not in too much sorrow. As lonesome as our towns have become, none of us understands truly what it is to be locked up, to have lost freedom, unless we have been in that sort of situation or in the underground metro. 

Merlin as a falcon landed in Ohio before the start of the twentieth century instead of Busan in the present. The lush valley of trees which he considered sacred were being swept away to make space for cities and he wept at the magnificent struggle which made man the owner of those lands. His message to inkrealm would have to wait just like the hearing postponed for in his dejection as a bird he turned into a native. An iroqouis which is the name their foes supplied and to which the french added the suffix and so really a mohawk yet some words stick even without the glue of logic. The mohawks and merlin moved north away from the machinery with their sadness now entwined. 

Meanwhile, inkrealm wondered if it would be wiser to wait before attempting more notes for the rest of the month.

BRIM 206 --- Life, given any sort of chance, will insist.  Luck, it seems, was neither with Doan Thi Huong or Siti Aisyah, within those February days.  They'd been working odd jobs to make ends  meet for themselves and for their family members over in Vietnam and Indonesia. 

Luxury, more often than not, is taken for granted. A given. A grain in the sands of an expansive resort. One piece in the jigsaw puzzle of some expensive lifestyle...something not readily available to most of the women in Hanoi or Sumatra along with most places on planet earth.

As I sit attempting to type and cursing the surrounding noises that haunt the evening from the careless day's screeching while enjoying American menthol cigarettes and German purity law beer, it hardly crosses my mind that many of those same women are up for sale...retail as well as the extended contract of so-called marriage. In other places you will hear DTH or SA defined as ladies of pleasure or worse yet the fact cannot be argued that many if not most marriages are based on some sort of financial agreement...Goats, gold, goulash and let us include a lack of gossip in some places are often a pre-requisite.  The statements are not intended to defend their morality or to attack the ancient institution of a union between a man and a woman. Not at all, only to underline how it is not only more than possible to be oblivious to hmm let us call it slavery for sake of ease while we enjoy this or that indulgence. 

Enough prelude. I point here to position the query - having recently enumerated several articles which all lead to a reasonable doubt in their involvement and intent in terms of the alleged murder of kim jong nam or as the court has opted to call him; kim chol - and that is how in the name of any logic did the officers in kuala lumpur track down these two women with hours of the incident?
One could safely imagine that at least dozens, perhaps hundreds passed through the area in question at klia two at about the same time. One could also postulate that if a judge requires twelve days to contemplate the cctv video should not the investigation/investigators needed a bit more time to conclude with certainty that these in fact were suspects. I feel confident that they and maybe even others will point to the LOL apparel yet consider that they would have had to guess from a long list of recent arrivals and without an eyewitness saying sure that is Doan and that Siti. No airport employee, no taxi driver fingered them. It was? what, a remarkable perhaps historical piece of detective work? 

Now then, given what is known about the enforcement agencies in malaysia, this appears highly unlikely. Take for example the graft of millions which is actually not being handled by this crack team of investigators but an international body...In most places, one would need a warrant to walk through somebody's locked door. In this case, nothing has been said or written of that type of order only that indeed they found the suspects and proceeded to interrogate them for hours without legal representation - in itself a reason to suspend any sort of fair proceeding trial -  then locked them up to wait with a series of date changes the most recent being the current delay to the sixth of november.  

A writer, even in ths modern day internet everybody typing era, given any sort of a chance will write.  In trying to right this situation, these circumstances, I find that what is mentioned here should not have been overlooked. Often, in trying to find or fight for a new path to pave upon the page, the pen will play to itself without regard to what might have been axiomatic. The diffidence that faltered, the not done...Yet, now it is dressed for the audience that appreciates logic and the balanced process of the law. I suppose the courts in kuala lumpur should be among that crowd...

Alike life, I insist, there should be release and freedom for Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah and not only that but also compensation for all the calamity which this detainment, arrest, captivity, and trial by media has caused them and their loved ones. 








brim 213. Upon realizing the multiple variety of pricey sneaker wearing, bearded, flabby muscled chubby mulatto mongrels available in Manhattan while filming her latest feature, and how many of them were willing to stand in not only for the weekend but the working weekdays as well not to mention the wickedly absurd mix up with the drummer during a post concert rendevouz, selena allowed the fading cardboard cut out teeny bopper to court her all over again as the international hoi polloi press regurgitated their stickings and wheelings...

As much as i wanted to be happy for her, not to mention the white supremacist who told me well it's one less thing to worry about as i declined his offer to stay for lunch, i could not help a feeling of astonishment at the amount of media dedicated to them as opposed to the lack of pictures, court sketches, video reports, and actual journalistic investigation...uhm questions, you know, in the twelve day awaited return of the trial after the judge had supposedly weighed the cctv information.

Minutes and hours passed and soon it became evident that there would be no images from the trial on the sixth of november...Once again it was the let me keep the money cop and his evaluation of airport security video...Arguments and accusations that are easily dismantled by only a fraction of critical thinking...

It reminded me of the time one of the neighbors thought i was climbing up the back stairs and fornicating with one or maybe two of those girls. Well, I soon found a globe lock on that door and still LOL at the lengths some people will go to when they are opposed to even the possibility of someone else's pleasure...

The pleasure here would be a mistrial, but powers that pretend to be are breathing in and out huffing and puffing all about these suspects and now maybe they are five and oh those two were unidentified north korean officials...as if i mean having actually stated unidentified well it is the same as a guess, an estimation based on dead pixel reckoning...in fact, it matters not since it seems there is no way they are going to release these women and send out the proverbial posse for those men indeed not even the identified ones and so i dare to ask what is the point?

Along this same rationale, what is the point of the live feed? the awaiting audience was fed nothing more than repetitious scraps...Let me take a wild shot, najib and co are waiting for EVERYONE to join in the conga line and dance the oh me oh my limbo and then everything can go back to rigged elections...mcDonalds Broadcom and the music of perfecting a substitute for bacon? 

I'm starting to feel like the last man standing and when will i join your bullshit ways and hand over my pens and pencils well in the words of heston when you pry them from my cold dead hands.


brim - 128

we are chasing bits of news / this work in progress gives proof that the symptoms extends to poets. some people are even fighting statues...the sculpure war...the south is losing the battle again as a matter of record sure old soldiers never die yet doesn't it feel silly...indeed like rationed sperm...
the american wet dream, murdered by a screaming intolerance...moms and dads microwave blender tv...we are chasing fragments of fame, all the children still insane jim no freedom of pain; here's your pill along with the doctor's bill. 



brim 214 at the end of tarnished lady the milionaire had to settle for a baby instead of his long envisioned dream of a high rise...i dreamt awaiting for sliding train doors to release me from the riding...broadway line, i suppose, where part of my literary inclination started or is that stopped...awake...the middle of the afternoon, miami, i did surmise still unable to find my way back to sweden from my sojourn in the tropics...they say tallulah bankhead could not go six months without a man...i wanted to moscow or even sochi yet i had to figure out where i was...the portable steinbeck i pondered if they had tried to sixteen coaches long me wrong me airport me apartment me hell if the baby could be a building i might be to borrow from twin peaks a whole damn town or is that damned town...my city was gone and i took a beer and then another until i turned to see farah ottolux in competition with a corpulent botero sculture...it wasn't that she was heavy preggers by now no it was the necklace again...with hotel ice cubes in the shape of commercial mints i rubbed her stretched flesh and waited for each one to melt...those magical rivers cascading down that skin...dissolving poetry, dethawing sketches...she was a sky and those were clouds...mesmerized i could hardly emotion for sexual pleasures even if here and there i did help myself to a lick or even to a lip quenching kiss...i dared not ask if the child was from my supply of human seed or even if it was michael's sperm since i only wanted to enjoy the love sensation available to us from the blow out door busting super sale of the romance store...soon enough midnight was upon us...i will go now for drugs and drink, perhaps we will meet again before the pain of creation overwhelms you into aha in two...


the night was not florida keys and in the distance the ramones tape traveled through the speakers...i looked at the words:  

cocaine twelve way decision the pervading air banned beijing killing and dying i wrote a few of the girls abandoned by his crew an astronaut leaves the movie my arrogance is vital to literature ship blows wide sea riddle announced evidence shoe switch that tao not tarpaulin see the video tape it won't say -...

as always just like any writer i wanted to re-write...would it work an actual edit after all the unthinking notes? hmm...

heroin thirteen devils the penis paired bluetooth pekin filling and detroit i morgs a wanting to grind aromatic coffee by this cruise in white house standing in i love the girls and their vision of let me hips balance wedding scene all rise the questionable bargain presiding who switch clash rock the casbah i dance ape tapanuli distracted...as had been the case since before now i worried it was halifax...could it wound me without actually being stone? hmm...in bad girl they explain if you want to know what having a wife is like get yourself a radio and leave it on all day...i wonder if that was the real reason for the great depression...in further investigation we have found that very few radios come equipped with vaginas much less breast parts...well maybe that is what WVXU is all about...connecting you to a world of ideas...in other words what is pussy if not an approximate calculation...johnny carved through right side speaker plate of his boom box and and stuck it in saying what the hell i'm a man and first of all i got the rest of the week to figure out how to get it out...the electricity went through him like a gang rape at a college dorm on  the west coast sending his testicles all the way up into his stomach so that budding sumo wrestlers arrived soon after to marvel at the unballed erection...i had arrived along with the ambulance and entertained myself with bong hits and anytime they looked my way i suggested alka seltzer or something fizzy...

it was noon time in kuala lumpur and i was done with patience in terms of the trial but patience would yet have its way with me and my time. I had to part ways with the horse team i had rode in on...frances was always cooking and i was not a big eater...james and i disagreed extensively over several points not to mention if he'd actually run for congress...harry had been photographed with forty four although i could sort of make out a message i could not take any chances especially not now with paradise papers pointing even into buckingham...and ann well, i sensed she could not exactly take a stand on issues regarding weight and i desperately wanted to have a leaner, trimmer, society...the flat belly monster she called me...oh well, i suppose it had been a good ride and wished everyone well as i saddled up my wagon to cross the plains into the finish line of this trial. murder they say in that impossible tone...wrap it up...perhaps let us look at it this way; no news is good news...still that much trial foreplay with two month turnovers and twelve days waiting you'd expect there'd be some sex justice orgasm by now but no it's nothing but more cautious creeping by a corrupt government that has somehow paid for a certain style of press coverage which an internet search will reveal to be horrifyingly uniform in terms of opinion. does reuters say purple well then we will all say that too or no make it violet so it won't be so obvious...i swear it is true not even in learned circles will you ever hear such unvarying variations i mean it might be so with shakespeare yet it is not, not by any stretch of the imagination.  owl... cricket... i'll crimson where nobody's red.  


BRIM 207
in order to be prepared to view the new blade runner i watched the old one and yes i still don't like that film...not for slowness, not for neo-noir, not for style instead the insisting ads and the protagonist always being saved by the proverbial bell...what the hell, i rested and heard the messages roll in...well africa has every right to use all the colored american folks they can to payback slavery...save me from these arguments...no, all right the other side yeah but you people sold yourselves out...omg, there's no end to it...i duck and head to the library singing we are the world we are the childrens...the new kennedy info...in a glance it tells me the kgb thought it was lbj while the cia is posting puppy pictures and making the president hold back some print...another message, james is a double agent working for the democrats nobody puts that much effort into propaganda unless they want the opposite effect...for every action there is an equal and contrary reaction, i have heard so perhaps parts of the united dodgers and astros are chained by african forces...i start back examing the earlier position since i am in fact considering the campaign manager position for the congressional run...i suppose no, it's only intensity...the terminator of the internet...in all this, later, i contemplate that very few people mention white slavery...i know some actors will be able to relate to this line of thinking...type casting, stereotyping...sheryl's poem speaks volumes...i dreamt of laura palmer...it was as if we were somehow of the same mind where our actions hardly ever felt to disturb the space surrounding us...you know the type of ease i mean where there is no worry or hurry it's only she and me without a scheme...i wake up and forget...yet like many dreams it's there waiting for those few seconds of tranquility to bring it all back home and indeed returning to bed it comes back to me right before i see berlin syndrome...a shocker of a scene especially in contrast to my casual dream...i spend most of the picture trying to tell the locked in girl to fill the bathtub with water and set the place on fire right before the kidnapper's arrival but no dice...well, i guess that is why i didn't write that show...it would have been fifteen minutes long...one day me and sofia will make a two hour picture but not today...so where are the other thoughts hovering over this one idea...ah yes pook is not here...oh no book is nonsense to some...wait, it is going to get worse...in the land, inspired by jfk conspiracy theories, of way out there stretch limo waiting for prom season i say to myself well inky what if it is only something centered around the opposite, two men poisoning a woman...what woman..not sure, where did the aliens land? the garden state...a mirror image of something past maybe even future...few sure....is this the story of johnny rotten HRC...trump and pence in a tag team match yet her running mate was high on harmonica and lo and behold maybe well what i did like was like tears lost in the falling rain.

BRIM 208 so this is my new fic!!! the fic will help me meet my expectations of a new paragraph!!! this was inspired by high times and code also my best friend and soulmate 4 life is helping me with this fic so yay!!! someone has sex but not really so don't leave me!!! hope you like reading it as much as i enjoy writing it!!! None of you truly believes until he loves for his brother what he loves for himself aduie my / Love from your /affectionate R. Revere...it was back to water sports and pissing...cao bang The sticks are made from split bamboo collected special herbs in the mountains and grind them to make  powder. They later add it to pine powder and add colour. The final step is to put the wet incense out under the sun to dry...as the cannabis industry moves fully out of the shadows, it is  establishing itself among the most highly regulated business environments in the  world, on a par with financial services, gaming and health care in terms of depth and complexity within the regulatory framework - Please don’t misunderstand. don’t hate HTML/JS; not at all. I just don’t think it’s a magic bullet or universal answer...every once in a while after the abraham film i get the nagging feeling that it was someone in the car or on the grassy knoll high powered hit...mob boss maybe he did screw...the Elector and the filectress and the other royalties, who were all very gracious my opera is to be given again on Friday next, and I am very necessary at the performance, or it might be difficult  to recognize it again. There are very odd ways here. 1000 kisses to Miss Bimberl Owner Erin Sucher said she let the dog, Sophie, out on a leash just after 6 a.m. and walked away for a few seconds when the coyote walked up and snatched the little dog. thwarted coyote, the kgb thirty spies foiled..They have not appraised Allah with true appraisal, while the earth entirely will be [within] His grip on the Day of Resurrection, and the heavens will be folded in His right hand. Exalted is He and high above what they associate with Him. My dream was loud but was it aloud, here and there one sees reflections and starts to worry anyway who was that masked man...the lone ranger...a fourteen year old model...magus baiza wanted new scripture...Spears shall be shaken! Shields shall be splintered! a sword day..a red day..ere the sun rises! Ride now! Ride now! Ride! Ride to ruin, and the world’s ending! 

BRIM 75 or 79 as with many things or even anything, in writing it's good to strike while the iron is hot as the cliche tells us however in weighing my position i postulated that a week away from typing would serve some purpose perhaps even give me new inspiration the problem is that people like to speculate and within that never ending curiousity there is the corruption which follows it...that is why there is that other cliche which killed the cat...in any case, here we are back at notes...i feel whatever this pause provoked that it was well placed given that gina spent the same week on stage as curly's wife in of mice and men a pretty good story to ponder early in life as it tends to put-place you more on the side of compassion or empathy....i had to leave busan for a few minutes in miami where cheerleading gladiators are being thrown to the lions as we speak...of course, i went right back to south korea after a stop in the city where evil forces are attempting to move my apartment to another floor...this happens there or at least i've seen it happen twice before but my feeling is that it is highly unfair and most likely unjustified...although it is present in my thoughts the scene has no real place in this manuscript. as i think now to let paragraphs pour down into the page to edit later it occurs to me that words come before any rational thought at least in humans...i suppose this is how words get their power or some of it...as i lay next to jyong mesmerized by her eyes, i started daydreaming about doan and then how thi is so near to thigh and being sunday i  am always reminded of being stopped by unsensual men in uniform posing as keepers of the peace...one of them had an automatic pistol strapped to his thigh...buenos dias he was trying to speak to me it was eight thirty in the morning...i only bring it up for the word buenos has busan in it...i wonder how many koreans are in argentina...some people fit in nicely nearly everywhere...i'm exhausted from all the sex, i have slept but it has been thinking sleep where the mind tries to resolve some equation or theory...i have slept but it has been a series of escaping dreams from the visitors that perchanced or the bad sex women of frustration and jealousy...i know this section isn't anything special yet let it be a common prayer for my friends in missouri and texas where a storm has ripped through the otherwise gentle skies. april showers bring may flowers april tempest brings mayhem and trouble. 

BRIM 76 or 80  gold in the skin and now i'm glowing i'm golden finally i get why so many bitches rub this and that on their faces not to mention virgin blood sometimes it feels like the city and having had the sit down with pink secret who told me that if i wanted to smuggle drugs into malaysia i could find a girl with flabby tits and pay off a doctor to put two packages in her and then get another one in kuala lumpur to pull it out and stitch it up with a similar size settings...i tell pink secret why are we eating bread in a fancy east side hotel restaurant and no because i have already tried hanging myself and don't want to let nobody else try it for me...hell, i'm thinking if they beat a school boy to death imagine what they would do to a writer...people are being rounded up and told to shut their pie holes, facebook accounts have disappeared, and well, maybe i'm in over my head but if anything runs in my family it is pigheadedness, they are stubborn folk some of them have lived to be a hundred and six which is nothing in contrast to 121 who was that puan the oldest bitch in malaysia expired the other day...i was with christina in san francisco but don't tell her boyfriend...even if it was only in a dream...waking up from it i heard le pen did not win outright and had competition from my corn or something and yeah corn is good food but to get real votes...stranger things can happen even the obiden grope and rope tour is making the rounds...women across several cities have been complaining of breast discomfort after their bras came into the vicinity of that circus act...to think ringling brothers gave it up and we are left with democrats...a man could puke if  a man were pre-disposed to vomit...at least walls are going up against the rising tide of immigrant hordes in europe...sad though that it comes to this but i guess it is the same reason why we all have gates and locks and doors as for the spiritual intruders well i myself have not washed the sheets this year and it gives me a good sense of place that is until the nose movers push the no smell no tell button. 

BRIM- pg 12 - And the writer--you have brought some message probably from him?
He says, Anatole France has been made and he feels awful over not having had the chance to make him out before! He says, This is not a feminist book and he has no such political stance and I quote the writer:  I am determined not to die before I can  block my wife from taking all my money! No wait, sorry that was the photojournalist. Here, Here, I really quote the writer: Sure I like women but I was raised up in the same places you were and a blonde well aren't we gentlemen supposed to prefer them and even now if i see some bitch wearing united airline leggings well there is that oh fuck what a whoring cunt goes there so it's not like I'm nobody to look up to under those political ahem social political situations but I am trying to improve from the puritan mindset no that is not even entirely true I am trying but most of the time I am trying to get through the evening in my own language and given the chance I'd have us all dressing up in muted colonial colors. Now, then, as for these accusations of racism, I don't know, it's the Americans ain't it, they continually forget that the economic inequality is the problem. I happen to have great affection for the hindus, well I like some of them, a few, I've even well I haven't really but I intend to watch a very harold and kumar 3d christmas. 

brim-pg 13 -It was late in the afternoon when the inky man got to his new cell phone. He had never seen it before, though he well knew the exact spot where it could be simed, and had often looked up at the window girl, regarding the place with the unpleasant suspicions one feels while sauntering the red district in Amsterdam; for he knew that strange women like that were now the new dangers to the property of his imagination. That had once happened with Orange, and, of course, with Wind, he believed that these corporations had obtained information by robbery and fraud. He hesitated a moment before he presented himself at her glance, having some fear of her beauty. The beautiful even more than the damned could take anyone into a detour of years away from their own intentions.  He knew
that he was doing right, but these corporations in their own profit scheme to escape another imperial invasion were
uncanny, and might be dangerously insolent. It's not that he had a determined commission which required a clandestine stance yet it irked him to have a memory imposed simply because someone accessed his storage file say from 2012 and suddenly instead of the present the inky man found himself stranded in an intruder's judgement over a png that might only have been saved to serve a whim. Besides, a new, cheap, device would be safer as well as intentionally bypassing the predators he might even untangle himself from the court of fools always free for a cut throat take it all away as soon as anything sugary might sweeten the script. 

 
BRIM-pg 14- Sylvia, you are my sister in so many ways and still what i like is the piston in motion. I got up and strangely I did not feel like taking a piss. It could be that this had been the day that Virginia Woolf put rocks in her pockets. Hid blotting woman emotion the feeling always middle class. The stones are not the best blues band, they are the only ones left! I guess you think I'm kicking you, Bob. But it ain't so. What I'm doing is talking. You hear? I'm talking to all those villains down there in Kansas. I'm talking to all those villains in Missouri and all those villains down there in Cheyenne. And what I'm saying is there ain't no whore's gold! And if there was they wouldn't want to come looking for it anyhow! Chloe and now three pages later what I really wanted to write; unknowns topple sutter n surface - so mr cupid of broadway changed the sign on his cab - iowa blizzard - ozzy my man where ya been - peggy soon a bride to keep working - socialist bares soviet horrors - i appeal to reason - let's be friends - mentalist to give demonstration - relief cuts sweep washington - beauty lodged in filthy room - i sat her on my knee and found her bitter - society hostess won king's heart - spanish strife - murder crazed cop tells own story - welcome soviet seamen -cocktails must live up to name - kick you in the balls so hard you won't be able to make babies - adagio for strings - edward abdicates - hamlets to be submerged - i know not seems - the truck stop - somebody licked that bone - pot struck - bonehead, doom head has never failed us - miss hull is a violinist studying with josef fuchs - When asked if he had named  Jesse  as an ignoramus, Buckley said, If I didn’t, I should have -. Hitler didn't snub Owens it was FDR that snubbed him -Get out of my way, you black bastard - She's not a woman, she's The Terminator- bre brex brexit- Stacey needs more than one cock to enjoy...israel and nicaragua neither helping peru, weird You know I sure do like a girl with nice tits like yours who talks tough and looks like she can fuck like a bunny. Do you fuck like that? Cause if ya do, I'll fuck you good. Like a big ol' jackrabbit bunny, jump all around that hole. Bobby Peru don't come up for air.I never did a dirty armpit. You can look dirty, but you can’t be dirty. I have done it again! 

BRIM 200 To make it new, day by day...wednesday 25 october...twenty 17. Middle of the Asian evening, I'm exhausted. When you take these chances, even in a work in progress, well it makes for a strange worry. Misunderstandings, missed landings...My aircraft hovered over some speech by el or al sisi and all I saw was makeup as he stood next to the french president who somehow was not as glossy. Now, being that it is only a prelude or introduction to serve as opening for the paragraph I could ask myself; should I edit that out and away...But the lipstick, it was well runaway train...and you're gonna clean that spot until it gets that shiny clean...Some cook, some do not cook...I heated up the poultry, scraped the rice out of the pot, and cut through a tomato. I ate yet there is hunger. I slept yet i longed for a nap. Ask the egyptians on the street...who are these people and where is Hosni and where is de Gaulle...I was going to speak of the visit to the airport which I may have wrongly reported in these notes as having already transpired ofcourse not with any deceptive intention...It was what had been revealed in numerous respectable journals, if memory serves, right after the lab visit and the announcement of the live feed.  I should also note that this is not to indicate that the intention of all these notes is veracity or adherence to non-fiction. As might be more than evident, there is a goodly amount of well flights of fancy if you will and the poetry i cannot help but spill or stream of beatnik thrills...Now let me see if the sour hordes will let me get through a few lines before i become entirely who or what i didn't intend to be all for the sake of envy or perceived bliss which makes no sense yet some are confident that indeed they have every right to glue my nose and glom my natural tranquility...more on that later, if the circumstances continue yet let us as ee suggested further into now. 

BRIM 201 we don't need lawyers, we will enshrine the thought...oh shit he got hour send the night xi masturbates to his collected pictures of ivanka...speak in secret alphabet...all a jew wants to do is doodle a christian girl...it was a trilogy i don't know how he got away with it...i'm thinking this will be, after all is said and done the second tome of a modern day trilogy...learn to forget...all you need to know about a writer is right there at the end of the usual suspects...and sex, well it was good i might not ever need to have it again...i am silently correcting your grammar...two grams could make at least eight lines...a combination of chinks with dutch cohorts, holland...hand lol...are these the words of the all powerful boards syndicates cartels...we've dropped a fortune into this man kim jong nam and he's looking less like the future leader of north korea than ever before whaddaya say we take him out and then have a party in senegal you know you could choke a child for some spare change in dakar...in the car, not the car, dakar!  da russians say this is an iffy theory and to see german arms reaching up through air again well as a girl from bavaria i must confess it gives me mixed emotions sure i voted for the afd but as i sat watching the report well it made me happy that merkel isn't entirely out of the scene...tank wank I sank into a documentary on the election entitled the babysitter...after a dream confrontation wherein i tell the man no, sir, this is my house. here i come to save the day that means that mighty mouse is on the way... i could relate to the babysitter because i always carried respect for the clinton team but then she went in with the opposition...i'd rather get hit by a car...there's a picture of my pregnant mother when the closet came down on her arm and i'm fooling around with a lollipop. it was back in the apartment with walls so thin that one time in trying to smack down a roach the heel of the striking shoe punctured the greasy wallpaper revealing the hollow crevice which held the abode together...shoot em in the titties...rudy k said words are like drugs......i suppose it is why i enjoy writing literature...now i'm not certain an xray will provide enough security, i mean there could be something in the teeth...but it's a puppy who would sink so low as to implant a device in the chompers...cannot take chances..in our country anything is possible, stop the putin bromance and discontinue contradicting the criminality of kim jong un...the dj spins michael jackson's dangerous...faces melt in your mind...indiana jones nazi...well, some people enjoy chaos, it don't matter if your black or white but boy you are looking a lighter shade of pale better eat something, anything...emperor dog deep dish...start where you are...procol harem...pale face want to see rain dance...no no sixteen vestal virgins...i didn't inhale a line from f-troop...peace pipe train...call you up in the middle of the night a little out of touch a little insane...sure i will set back and stop to edit as soon as they let my doan and siti go! 

BRIM 202  i didnt want to follow the findings as they fingered the internet crotch..not that i'm against foreplay but this connection to cell phones and apps well it once in a while disconects you from reality not that we can use that word so much now given the television...which reminds me a note on the yellow...wroted way before the priceless ads but after the price is right...another word to avoid for the foreseeable future yet somewhere all the words will be reclaimed...i started with precious yet i have not entirely succeeded in freeing it from film title slavery...slav slaw slay sleaze...they call me the breeze...brethren malay club bouncers of the future stood surrounding the kuala lumpur airport...travelers thought they were in a star wars movie...i find your lack of faith disturbing...maybe you have not worn a bullet proof vest but surely you've been to a dentist at least if you are lucky enough to live outside of the states or england and so you know how heavy those covers are when you get an xray...so no stretch to imagine walking around with that would be a bitch...not to mention knowing you are that close to an airplane getaway yet grounded by handcuffs...tore down is a great blues song...almost level to the ground well i feel like this when my ticket to indonesia or vietnam can't be found...bring out the movable chairs with big wheels...carry me home to see my ask me counter and bibik heritage cafe...the ass oh sated press deleted the re-enactment statements...some assholes tried to turn my hotel room quarters in a departure area...i read the words chaotic and closely watched...i thought of britney spears, oops they did it again this time a weird type of alliteration...flanked, frenzy, flurry...wtf...fly ball flux where does it go emily says nobody knows formaldehyde won't make the same headline as vx mace macedonia you go slay wake up and slay no i meant to f-troop...the table is formica...form of address for the inky man why dear or darling of course the founding father of lunatic fringe...frau fraud no if we freebase it will be gone a lot faster...fire hose free for all was a form of poetry finding words stance wordstance,why that is nearly as good as worddust...maybe they thought to themselves what if this is as good as it gets...a different show, yes, but i still want to say how wow i was to have said hey to wrangler jane...ahem...freshwater fish fresno frozen yogurt madison avenue flute strife fig tree fried eggs i didn't want to finger the findings as they internet - the new hindrance failed, ..find fund fast enhanced...that rain often departed...the rain is part of the process john the babtist franz burning down the house the fireman on twin peaks saying you are far away...

BRIM-pg 11-if you look up, or -as we often tend to now intone- google how to follow satan it won't bring you satisfaction unless you intend to worship the devil. What I was searching for was how to follow the lightning quick trilogy that is turning out to be page ten of this tome. i suppose some exposition on the reason for this "style" might be in order. it is three fold, more than once i have felt that not only was a certain work in progress already available but even some of the thoughts behind it and so why not post it as it were...secondly, the challenge of being concise while at the same time throwing nearly all manner of form out the window and -hopefuly- making it new or at least beatific in that smoke for the scene and bring everybody into the dream type of typing wherein a quote such as just sped by your reading peepers will melt into the question, into the quest...third and lastly, this "act" this craft, this spooky art, it is part of what makes me who i am even when i say some immortal words not mine or sing a line far from this time. It makes it so because that is also who we all are, the collective 'we all' so when the cult croons i fell from the sky well we have all had that dream, no? Yes and so we can get on the bandstand it's a good a good beat and you can dance to it understand? I like that tradition, what James Joyce, TS Eliot, Ezra Pound, ee Cummings, and William Burroughs brought to literature. Now then, how to follow Lucifer as it were... I may have mentioned in these notes how goodly Rules Don't Apply looked and in one of my favorite scenes Howard Hughes, by the way that book by Richard Hack could give the Harry Houdini pamphlet a run for its money if you enjoy an awesome story, takes a plane over to Great Britain and on the way he's telling the story of Jolson having to come on stage after Caruso. Well, Jolson struggles since the crowd keeps cheering uhm you know like when the fab four had to quit touring because they simply could not hear themselves over the euphoric screams, anyway he gets them, HH, relates, to simmer down and then proclaims, you ain't seen nothing yet. Cutting off the engine and letting the air freighter float with the back door flapping he starts on a solo jamboree of Is it True What They Say About Dixie even throwing in a few extra lines just like Bob Dylan might in a concert well in a concert in a city with his kind of light. Right. Now, then, there this is what I need to do here even if it seems I only have Hathaway in euphoria as Billy Shakes put-placed it  I hate  from hate away she threw and saved my life saying not you. I realize, it might only be my own reverie and in reality her and Eiza have teamed up to put me a straitjacket yet that is all one really needs indeed that dream those dreamy feelings of being appreciated. i don't expect anyone to applaud at this point especially when in other circumstances i would be pretty much through given that it's been a month but they are dragging this out like Talia on a what to wear for the weekend over on the west coast...there's even graffiti going, how much longer?  Call from Cairo! telephone? an actual - yes. Who, I ask one of my two secretaries, he's saying Honey. Honey? I'm not here, I don't know any honey well wait hand me the handset, Hello? Inky Man it's Hosni Hi! Mubarak, you motherfucker, I heard you were free nobody said you got a cell. I am calling because I need this talk of release orgy contained. Look, man you were uhm I was happy for you I let it go, nobody reads these things i see you still sound like mister dracula. I am going to be very fair with you Inky Man, I only ask not to be included in the final draft. We can talk it over, I would love to visit egypt a lot of the cabbies in the city they only pick me up because they think i'm from the luxor oh wait you know i could sell my agent on a biography but with the sex you know how it is in the publishing business.. No biography not yet only i need containment yes? In that case, let's have a meeting, a sit down i really need to get out of the house more anyway and i know you can relate. Very nice talking, I will think for a time to meet and meanwhile remember my request.  you got it big dog, falafel and castello high red label beer i hope soon thanks for checking in, sorry about the piece in the times. Inky Man you read my mind, those faggots they don't know what's it like in egypt with  emergency law and everybody wanting more money everywhere nevermind I change my stance write the whole orgy yes and i say to you as a friend in a few more days there will be more. Well, that makes my job a lot easier, i hear the GID is no joke and well don't get too wild. I have always been a moderate despite what they might say and yes no joke but it is GIS at least for now. all right, got it,  give my regards to Saliba Street!

brim pg 24 the amount of people that rip off aristophanes, who riff past the ancient greek; without even knowing it gives me new insight into this strategy yet it also tempted me to return the curly markings to quotes, perhaps turn them all italic, or some combination of the two. for if i were the author of lysistrata i might be pissed off albeit pleased that yet there are those antique echoes. 
hit them hard and hit them again...well, even in a passing glance at the press you will find him being referenced by folks that may not have even seen a play. yes, the play is the thing, hey! you dirty slut, yes he said it first. Learn what kicks my legs can make, that too plus percy shelley looked over at least the frogs. kermit, im sure there's a logical explanation to all this. evil kermit, overreact! 
hold it hold it, what about me old fred ain't good enough, is it wilma? no, my dear flinstone the point i was reaching was that when i look at these pebbles and bam bam words well i have to hold on to the hope that some readers somewhere will recognize the unattributed and so if it happens to others or me in some real devious plagiarist there will be at least the satisfaction of the blown cover. writing is not like painting where you can puncture the page with any color or at least i have not yet heard an artist tell anybody he or she won't build the body in azure for it was one of pablo's periods. order order in the ring, another bullfighter gored. second one this manuscript. Bill, grins that thin lizard grin as if he were floating balloons. blood on the horns, messed with the...everybody calls him that  - not to his face. Like Spain, I am bound...found an earthquake that gave the orgasm she had such profound sense of oh i don't know so the french call it the little death. it's lit. it slit. it's litter in other news...to the past...Jiajia married yingying, then blast robot metro saint peter's burger i get me a ticket i go up there and take pictures. we are all standing there just like we trust eachother, maybe we are all in on it. i return to the mall and get ale and go to sleep. nobody sent me mail about wong check lee now please accept this parting gift. now we'll never meet and someone has pushed the stop here for crime at north nellis boulevard in las vegas while i was thinking of room 524 in the ritz carlton.  We look before and after, And pine for what is not -Our sincerest laughter, With some pain is fraught - Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought...


brim pg 25 they backed the hashemite who still rule over jordan  with the royal house of saud getting the good thang inkrealm Commanding good and forbidding evil inkrealm ummah inkrealm 768 inkrealm converts to hijab tight pussy he jab right pussy abolishing the old caliphate has brought in the extremists khimar gold nipple abdulmecid two 1924 inkrealm abaya hottie chador for a quick one jilbab body I'm just going over Jordan niqab I'm just going over home burqa she pissed her pants it's burke you want names it's burke shalwar kameez we shall came hard all came abu nidal a bunny dali melting i'm melting abdulmecid two 1924 Your office, the Caliphate, is nothing more than a historic relic. It has no justification for existence. It is a piece of impertinence that you should dare write to any of my secretaries march the third do you wanna ride the league of nations lightning Al-Jihad al-Akbar  sabri al banna   amazon taser gun Linshia Linshia bo binshia Banana fana for finshia Fe fi for finshia linshia!  bayat buy at wal mart deen james you're tearing me apart dunya know do you wanna ride the fitnah fatwa lightning on the hizb all good inkrealm manhaj jannah inkrealm saw it 1924  office relic historic a than more nothing is caliphate the office you wanna ride the dick lightning A little trick with dick dick Dick bo bick Banana fana for fick Fe fi mo mick dick! Always remember others may hate you but those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself if i see a jew in my school i will beat him up allah waffle an answer we shall came hard all came abu nidal a bunny dali melting fat was lover nation told asked the FBI said we don't offer protection abolishing the old caliphate has brought in the extremists pcs A little trick with dick dick Dick bo bick Banana fana for fick Fe fi mo mick dick! jerked maybe i can get a better price  What the Christ is the matter with the Jews, Bob? What is the matter with them? I suppose it is because most of them are psychiatrists she pissed her pants it's burke you want names it's burke  I can't ever say that, but I believe it.they backed the hashemite who still rule over jordan  with the royal house of saud getting the good thang inkrealm Commanding good and forbidding evil inkrealm ummah inkrealm 768 inkrealm converts a permanent change of location well yes for this page and there it is equal time opposing point of terror view thank you every body mom made pork chops you wanna ride the rice an bean lightning? 

BRIM -PAGE SIX- If I hear page six my heart beats back to the new york post which holds a distinct place for that number in their daily manuscript. Now, I have only learned a few things worth knowng as a writer and one of them is to write as much of what is in front of you as possibe. Yes, it is true that most of the books you mght find concern themselves wth what is behind, what is past. It may seem a contradiction, but it ain't. You may well ask what or how but the answer is right there, i mean, most of us cannot divine what s going to collapse, call, or customize the coming days and to pen the present well it is like a live sex show as it were uhm where one is not exactly planning to grab here or suck there yet it may happen...anyway, i have yet to actually find any editor that would guide my groove in the manner i thought was custom to the writing profession. in any case, i got up feeling pretty fine over page five even with the missing word and typo and after musing over my erection and the coffee and cigarette well i looked at the aforementioned manhattan journal which told me that two boys had eliminated a little girl because she was annoying them on snapchat. snapchat is not pants with press down buttons uhm it's like unedited writing as it is being typed...yeah, like what the keyloggers on your computers see when you handle the board.I always hate to hear of such sad well wait i don't want to say sad...of such tragedy. more than men, women are the future. there is no way around it even if we could get pregnant most of us wouldnt. Now then, if we all agree, let us leave the appetizer and move on to the entree...Yes. I am aware that I did try to strangle Roxanne with my bare hands, but I had no idea that strangulation could lead directly to death. I should always be grateful that she didn't hold it against me and that even years later she returned with another equally attractive girl and all three of us both sat on the floor in front of the sony big screen to view porn. Porn, if you don't know, is like when page six goes to magazine mode on sundays. well, to bring this back to subject, it could well be that Doan and Siti such as it was with me and my hands had no clue they would be held as culprits! I realize that it might not be for you in reading yet for myself in writing it is an exciting revelation. Of course, i will admit that it is not as thrilling as a three thousand square foot nine room residence on Park Avenue, cindy adams, praise you yay yet i have to admit a touch of jealousy. it's the name isn't..innocent, sweet, all american concise...inky gram. hmm inky gram the gossip columnist, listen up news corp, angelo, and lynch! get me nine rooms and you gotta new grinder! in reply please refer to file number 0936. The envy of eyebrow lovers and sensual curves everywhere, Maddie Hasson, is in talks to direct a screwball comedy set in a first come first serve free male-circumcision clinic in south africa, sources have revealed to the post....otherwise, he goes on smoothly...checkbooks cell.grabbed true tap trump tape i was there in the script dissed democrats were worried are still wondering the soviets have an extensive espionage network in canada like carter and the salary originally wanted mel gibson's batman burst bustin jieber militants all liberal the messiah threat ixnayed the barney man no information regarding this being furnished to the state department Yentas with nothing else to do claim with politics.smells strong pantsuits pinstripes long range goals are being set.crazed for more raised to score back in malaysia a great number of girls greet the evening with porn hub, that is in case you don't visit the dark side of the web, sort of like a browsing library but with a lot more books in it. so six days ago world of buzz says malaysian women rank seventh via mobile. thanks ms pui yeah her name's pui fun. indeed. 

The hotel-hopping 'LOL assassin'


KUALA LUMPUR — As the intrigue involving the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un deepens, a Malaysian newspaper’s investigations showed that the ‘LOL assassin' stayed in three different hotels in Sepang from the eve of the assassination until she was arrested on Tuesday (Feb 14).
By -
February 17
KUALA LUMPUR — As the intrigue involving the murder of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un deepens, a Malaysian newspaper’s investigations showed that the ‘LOL assassin' stayed in three different hotels in Sepang from the eve of the assassination until she was arrested on Tuesday (Feb 14).

According to Malay Mail, staff of the three hotels variously described Doan Thi Huong, holding a Vietnamese passport, from being bubbly to complaining.

Here are their findings:

Saturday 5pm, Qlassic Hotel...

Checked into Qlassic Hotel in Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi on Saturday at about 5pm.



Was alone and carrying a bag.

Was unable to extend her stay as there were no rooms available.

Hotel manager said police visited the hotel on Wednesday to check CCTV recordings but were unable to find anything as footage was overwritten. 

"Our CCTV records on a loop erasing any footage from the weekend," the manager said. 

Sunday 2pm, City View Hotel...

Checked into City View Hotel in the same area on Sunday and left her hotel room early next morning in white 'LOL' blouse and blue denim skirt.

Returned to her room at about 10am Monday.

Checked out at 11.30am, complaining internet was slow. 

"She went up to her room, cleared her belongings and checked out at 11.30am," the receptionist said.

"She complained the internet was too slow."

Monday 3.30pm, Sky Star Hotel...

Stayed at Sky Hotel on Monday evening before she was picked up by police on Tuesday.



Was still in white 'LOL' blouse and blue denim skirt and wore blue contact lenses.

Remained in her room until 8pm on Monday, leaving the hotel donning a face mask.

Hotel receptionist D. Reena, 28, described Doan as "bubbly", "friendly" and "child-like".

"On Tuesday, she approached us at the counter at around 9.30am and asked for directions on how to get to the city," said Reena.

The suspect walked out of the hotel but returned at 11am with five police officers.

What happened then?

Reena said Doan was not handcuffed at that point as the suspect and police went upstairs.

They spent six hours in the room.

They left at 5pm. 

"Police sealed the room and when they left, the suspect was in handcuffs. But her hands were covered with a jacket," she said.

Police returned to the hotel on Wednesday at 11am with the suspect and examined the room for several hours before they left.

Investigators visited the hotel yesterday 7pm, this time for CCTV footage.

"They downloaded CCTV recordings onto a disc and deleted those parts from our server," she added. MALAY MAIL ONLINE

BRIM - a work in progress note - 
-some of the characters and rough outline- 
main : DOAN THI HUONG - SITI AISYAH - KIM JONG NAM and the CORPSE OF KIM JONG NAM not so main: unreliable narrator: inky man  narrator; inkrealm the collective we and the shadow self or i special appearances and such : hosni mubarak chloe kim tae ri (poetry) michael j anderson the tv jewess and the hole jewess with poodle
the uber car duo obsessed with who or who is not a homosexual walt disney and howard hughes The Hunting demon "denai" - Hantu Gunung, mountain spirit - satan - constance bennett -the white supremacist with daughter and son 
jesus - the anti-tutsi hutu - god or G-d - stacey -farah ottalux - asshole dog with one eye- the vasectomy kid - h. & t. & h's gang of twenty -miss five -emil janning
the big bopper (aka dear leader aka kim jong il) margaret atwood Darvula and Dorottya ERWIN CHANG JAMES corporation people apandi
robert graves - selena gomez janos and thorko Murdoch 
goldie hawn (the cat not to be confused with the horny cat)
the so-called horny cat is the land cruiser a character or not? the self propelling corpse cart-the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud two secretaries
LOCATIONS;castle cachtice - chelmsford -  kuala lumpur airport - kuala city - kuala jail - 73st broadway to 72nd west end - syracuse - los angeles - st petersburg - pusan/busan - vietnam - indonesia - las vegas - the necromancy crossroads- 
material sources;various newspaper obviously articles notably the nypost, seattle times, and several from the malay indonesia vietnam triangle - note, should check cambodia press - willa cather edgar allan poe mailer & sheldon deutsch welle - ali michael - air sia x literature - porn hub / red tube - trollope - shelley -aristophanes- shakespeare - some old sailor's song - burroughs of course - an abc special on the cia mk ultra hype - film lines; the recruit - rules don't apply - rambo (nearly) - bugsy- deliverance - the humbling (maybe) oliver north and an article from the economist (perhaps) on the origin of the extremist muslim mind set - toyota owner manual - hmm master & margarita - medea...kate moss - most likely some other things oh mark knopfler song...sin takes a holiday... 
plot - two women are set to hang for a murder. all other suspects released. the trial is possibly underway... the media is torn between truth and manipulation stories that distract the population ever since religion lost it's mass opium kick. one writer waits with cole younger's sidearm unlocked and cocked; prepared to put it down on paper...the envelope is sealed and the oscar goes two ways. 

brim - 63 take three or pg 69 if not 64

as peace advised and war said 
with our cab flag burning yellow and taxes red
i held you near in my soul but is was in my head
read white and blue not in everyone's bed
agents at the embassy looking to be fed
as coffee advised the english tea to wed
ink dreams pen when zeppelin notes led
doan and siti it's like kashmir music i bled
to be where i have been movie theater dances fred
astaire as the crow flies toast from bread
i recall like a car manufacturer memory tire tread 
is it the viewer or the presenter on the tele that's dead
grateful to divine is it only an advert's oracle to dread
jusr say no all the way to merck a pfizer profit sled
truth is a drug even i don't always want to take into my head
writing "vx used at the airport" well dancing no harry fred
i stare bar knee sends out "tv us death export" as the letters shed

brim 65 or 70 

I do read the notes back but later always reeling from a missing word or even an intention to clearly postulate the position, perhaps my thoughts are more concerned with making it new and also freeing doan and siti...well, my apologies if the intention is overtaken by my mind's enthusiasm. Also, reading it back, that is the work in progress waiting section, it feels like the wrong way to wear these clothes. I mean you get that sort of typing everywhere, it's nearly mainstream and yes i want to let us say network or cable or some high paying streaming service but more than anything it's to write a work that takes from what is being presented within and without and bounces back like a mirror of disembodied poets, like a high speed chase from the french connection you know what i mean - they say, even in the bible they say there's nothing new under the sun yet the writer and the artist and sometimes even the politician will prove there can be some slight spark of originality, of soul even. and that is all folks need, a spark and in turn inspired they will set the world on fire...we are the world we are the childrens now in my hurry i didn't mention that the chant was actually the whole world is watching which most likely came from a donovan song called when the ship comes in which holds the words and the ships wise men will remind you once again that the whole world is watching yes i know but i also like to say hi mr hamilton to warren even as we search for producers...the dick tracy sequel, well i smile at the possibilty and maybe if the prime minister returns my missive i will ask him too...and so we proceed still waiting and me well i need someone to learn me true the response that question if i dream of you may i also write it over since it is on my mind...

brim pg 66  or 71

For the record, I do attest that at this point I Muhammad Hosni El Sayed Mubarak became personally involved with these strange events. .inky:  Potent and Honorable Mr President, how good of you to come! Hosni:  I always come to a realm in need when they call me.
 So, inky man, tell me everything about your case.
inky:  it has all the usual physical hoax signs.
Hosni:  yes, .
inky:  the reports are mostly normal and yet it is not the case with the body.  the corpse
manifests continued travel in some news but I cannot trace the cause.
inky:  travel? How?
mary kate and ashley:  (screaming, we're adults and we smoke!)
inky and hosni run to the olson bedroom
Exit tabloid paparazzi memory
Hosni: Inky Man they have been having designer coffee get your easy FP espresso machine ready and close the door.

brim pg 67 or 72 Maryland Just Screwed Its Craft Brewing Industry in Favor of Guinness is good for you. They told me frankly that they do not believe in anyone, because they have been cheated for so many years. the crew members of UH-1H each received a Silver Star on Tuesday good things come to those who wait no more street meat in bangkok they are putting cameras in the kindergaten I heard there was a famous slogan for the weddings in this period: 'Have fun with the wedding, but don’t forget your mission...I was just thinking what an interesting concept it is to eliminate the writer from the artistic process. If we could just get rid of these actors and directors, maybe we've got something here now who is next for casting on model drugs, her name is cierra mantle. any relation to the yankees. no she's from east timor. all right well, send her in.. no, no no, you what is this it says here you are five six and that height after a few episodes and the munchies you'll be a fat ass all right all right no need to start crying. go ahead do your audition. cierra recites from dr seuss. i see, well, it also says here you have already started drinking rose wine is it everyday are they like spritzers. aha. well, i don't like you or little people in general but you do have a good last name for our programme. i would say you're in but all participants need to be cleared by inkrealm. oh you know him you say you blocked him on periscope well, don't worry he forgets things like that you know he likes to concentrate on serious matters like literature and music well i have your headshot and here's the release form in case we contact you to appear... anti-graft investigator Novel continues to be monitored by doctors in Singapore for signs of improvement in his left eye, which was seriously injured last week in an acid attack...another two attackers oh my they said on a motor bike...nike i wish i were juanless or back in korea having kfc mom why is a woman ringing the bell the ringgit opens lower the ringgit opens higher  i want to pay for cleaning the lobby but aren't you already paying for garbage collection and maintenance leave me alone i will not have logic in my life like the democrats ok so i cut out the eye that looked away and sent it to him wrapped in blue paper...authorities will sweep the international airport and other locations for radioactive material...Kingfisher Airlines united will not fire their own...i need my travel tickets and ted nugent...One of the people Campbell encounters is the Black Führer, who is an African American who sided with Japan during the war and dreams of dropping atomic bombs on anyone who isn't black shorty fucking the bathtub cums hard driving school american teen creampied by British elections  new game  vagina hero sucked off by the succubus first date girl screwbox loving the taste of cum on her teacher sex horny student guinness of favor in industry brewing craft its screwed just maryland where i walked and i told her all the snow made it look like the ending of the revenant ...

brim - the waiting - 1 or 64 

The enormous burning sun beats down the night in a nearly tropical hue of kuala lumpur bright yellow perhaps it has to in honor of the malaysian flag. There's no miami pink, no manhattah film grain ash, none of the shadowy antique purple of rome, none of the bone white glaze of los angeles, and only a hint of the seoul neon blue which comes with a new day in korea. 

As the minutes pass turning suddenly into an hour and the room service moves in the single breakfast cart and newspapers one necessarily wonders where the true stories are being held for one already knows - having gotten a good look at the surroundings - that publications which provoke the ruling party or interrupt the appearance of progress or purity will be made to go on an extended holiday of silence until they bow down deep to the powers that be and say sorry we were wrong now here this is the way. 

The suit needs pressing and for a second one wonders if the low rumble just beyond the windows isn't the actual cries and whispers of those lost within the tortured society of detention centers and jail cells.  There has been a slaying of a prisoner for nearly every day of the past two years. The red tie now seems too republican and so the white and cracked egg-yellow stripe gets windsored. Perhaps the guards don't kill during muslim holy days or international holidays. The crown prince of Japan is on his way back to Tokyo where a light crimson dominates the start of each new day. Even when it rains, there is a tint, a hint of cherry along the ginza strip. One considers these thoughts on the way past the lobby and entrance.    

brim - the waiting - 2 0r 65

I have just arrived from Seoul where I found the Ritz Carlton closed and my hotel rewards card useless. Irony is the staple in the diet of the writer's everyday life, it seems. In fact, even for someone with more to edit than already published there are those that insist on pulling not only for the prize of your attention but even for your soul. I should write it as a subplot if i were a better writer or more to the point if the attention span of the general public had not been so compromised by media. I will say, since I mentioned it in passing upon earlier notes this suspicion of a parisienne group that set it up so as to derail certain aspects of my portfolio. Greed is common enough but to grind down into attempted spirit theft, it is as reprehensible as letting the boys involved in the killing of kim jong nam get on a plane while the girls have only the leftover pleasures of jail. 

I''ve got a notebook, it's too heavy to saunter around me, it's as weighty as my loafers yet i lug it for there are a lot of notes and a few sketches and one can hardly tell when some notes might strike a chord. There's no accord. In fact, recently there's been a serious contradiction. The body had been reported flown out between the end of march and the start of april -even in the wall street journal- however sensing too great a delay on any word of burial or cremation no incineration sounds more like it i said, to no one in particular and everyone at the same time since that is now possible with the technology of the cyberspace, hey and not a day passed when the body was being flown out again at least in two reports...

brim - the waiting - 3 or 66

I'm not used to the modest dress code, especially when it comes to women and something about these malaysians continues to stretch in my imagination like a visual echo or perhaps a premonition of the immediate in sort of an easy rider film effect. I think for a second it's like Tangier in the early sixties yet my thoughts tell me the music is missing. What I hear is that something is amiss. There's dissonance, you can feel it as you breathe. Counterpart of Pluto, Dis is the lord of the underworld. Ever wonder why so many great words employ the prefix...dish dishonor discover disk disney disorient...This is the orient. Am I being disobedient? Not paying attention to an obvious dispatch...

No. I had been faithfully following the fire as it burned and figured to pen as soon it got said that two women were being charged under penal code for murder. What was that name, apandi...The old Apache Devil dance would go on for days... apnoea...The pause in breathing sometimes during sleep...I believe it might be a bit like what I've seen cossacks engage in...There is an engaging coffee shop. I perch away from the window and pour over the pages.

brim - the waiting - 4 or 67

It was mid-february to spell it out without romance or saints. Siti from Indonesia had been trapped by the police at the third hotel she had checked into in kuala lumpur. They questioned her for hours. The press was pushing the LOL assassin buttons and some of their images held her in splitscreen. You can see the horror in her eyes and the blank expression of shock upon her face. Doan held up a countenance more saddened than intense as if one left waiting at the altar on her wedding day in Hanoi. She was cornered at what they call KLIA2 -part of the kuala lumpur airport complex.  President Johnson had visited during the Vietnam war or conflict. It was during the height of the fighting and thus a brave act of course many Texans are headstrong you might say they suffer from woodheadedness.  Now I bring this up for I feel this should be the main subplot, that is how the killings of the leaders of Vietnam preceeded the deaths of the leaders of America and to complicate matters how these in some way brought us all full circle to the end of the civil war for as you must already know Johnny W. took aim and look abe no more lincoln. Yes, better than a cadillac. Now then, I have been toying with a few styles and have plucked from the air a nearly lively tradition which perhaps speaks for itself yet I know not which parts will be in and which will get postponed...

They were charged by february's end and the hearing was held this past thirteenth of April wherein their lawyers protested at the lack of disclosure from the prosecution at which point the judge half an hour postponed the proceedings until the end of may. The end of may also happens to be Doan's birthday. I had wished to stay in South Korea to celebrate my own birthday and tell my kentucky fried chicken joke to Kim Tae Ri that is if I could any words out of my mouth as it would surely salivate at the sight of her beauty. Indeed, beauty and it seems abundant everywhere as I felt the utter devastation of attraction at so many turns within that teal tinted neon city's glow that lingers even into sunrise. 

brim - the waiting - 5 or 68  Dawn, in any case it dawns on me to start it over if only to decorate the novel in a different style from the ones attempted before. Is this narrator more reliable or is he too straight like every other news hound sniffing for an angle or a twist. At the very least a biting sound. The dogs of war they bark but they always have and always will unless i get my way, i daresay and digress. What is the start of this art? 
Just like a lot of girls everywhere and anywhere, Doan and Siti wanted to be loved maybe even acclaimed and so they agreed to try out as performers for a reality show. Their audition consisted of surprising strangers in different places around town. They either liked Siti more or simply hmm impishly thought her less resistant to their facade. She did it a lot more and even took a trip with the man that was one of three let go in exchange for natives. They went to cambodia and soon both were sent to the airport to prank kim jong nam. A prank that ranked in the category of a killing. It was all over the news as Doan made her back for a supposed second prank at klia. A return to the scene of the crime? Or basically to see if she had passed...In the first scenario a likely alibi and in the second well she had been on a  vietnamese  talent show and most likely the men had requested that she return and so she did.  I wrote out both sides and the guilty flip side simply does not sound true. I realize that there are unlikely truths and always irony however the only powers that be with any recognizable interest in this jet set playboy are the chinese, the north koreans or even the dissidents from the hermit kingdom, and his family since not only did he have a wife but also at least one mistress. Doan and Siti do not fall into any of these categories. Not by a long shot. 
I have taken part of my day to organize this new prelude because I have read that two weeks ago a pair of men were hanged in malaysia even as their appeal was pending and also during my research I found more than a few cases of abuse of detainees and prisoners. To be somewhat exact six hundred or so have expired in the previous couple of years. Moreover, even the Prime Minister has been proclaimed corrupt by some and if there is corruption it can't be contained. That is to say, these women might not be entirely safe. As they are jostled here and there, bullet proof vests cover their torsos yet alone in seperate cells there is nothing except their desire for freedom and the prayers of their family and friends and possibly these descriptions i am yet in the process of deciphering but have already dedicated.    

BRIM (the tale of two good time bitches arrested in kuala lumpur before valentine's day)

for siti & doan  -a work in progress-

"the moment of change is the only poem" - adrienne rich

Just like a lot of girls, they were'nt reaching for death, in fact, they were searching for a camera that was nowhere to be found. There was some overhead cam, but the tape is so blurry that it makes one think gerhard richter spread a glass squegee. squeegee. how is that spelled, it doesn't matter. you either get the point or not. squigee. well, despite all the evidence i am a perfectionisto. squeal boy! like a pig boy, i want you to squeal! oh, ned who makes up such words and why do i opt to write them down. delivered, brimming with legality, apandi said the girls would be charged like wasted cell phones under the penal code number 302. Ford windsor. for dw said vx was ten times more yet the airport kept on trucking. KLIA - Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Kuala Lumpur in that sweet talk language. delaware, it got me thinking. .In 1919, Ford bought out all  investors to incorporate in that State.Also, the death penalty is hanging, the hanging judge it seems is still sober. so bear, sam! Play it again, play it back, look henry no jews! Malaysia. Yes, to us without much knowledge outside of the king's english it only means far away place. Malaysia the response to what is the shopping spree before xmas called?But ma, I can't deck the halls tonight i got malaysia from macy's...Indeed, or rather, point is if you hold an israeli passport well simplt put there is no entry.  Mossad french fries. All three of us know they gotta have someone everywhere, - stop it, i lost count I mean i forgot the ISP folk and the folks watching the internet service pros - which makes this a crowd in which case of course new paragraph. news beatnik parenthesis and a petty fade but yeah i promise page two will be pretty.
(closeup sorry crossing fun fun fun cutta m in dc on trol cal cycle psycho calcutta
bits raise merry hell diary and daily reminder the school of mayhem and murder
underworld fast kneecaps  to study sexual behavior and state secrets Denai is the demon of hunting timothy leary is dead kim jong nam sleep paralysis a humanistic way to wage a war)
I can still feel the eyes of those blue bellied devils...




BRIM -page two- There is always yes, there is always no. Yes and no. Yes, I know that straightahead writing will win awards and is easier to translate for sales overseas or at strange supermarket literary stands. I also know that for those of us that like to read (or even those of us who used to enjoy those paced pleasures of a bound book before the battle for individuality took hold) it might feel unusual or strange to compete with one's own ideas and to complete one's one thoughts with let us say ketchup for the sake of saying. In these early pages, still prologue obviously, i can't see or feel any better way to go through. Weigh it with me; which kitten or cat has come on over with hey that finnigan's wake is a surefire page turner! I said the same thing sylvia said, but I didn't know it until i reached into her jar. I love the idea, but where are you alike me to speak of such volumes? valient and precisely the seed of modern literature in itself a prophecy for the end of  writing. how does it happen that instead of everybody reading, they are writing posts and posting pictures. I haven't heard anyone mention steinbeck in years, is ferlinghetti alive, it takes decades for anybody to mention dos passos or pessoa even...quickness is what wins the soundbyte grab them by the pusan push button busan aha scan for a throwback yet somehow there are them which won'tallow pretend that is fiction at least in my experience you are in a confession box and these are how many glory be hails will be had now stop making barking sounds at your mother when she goes apex ape bananas. Enough of non-story. It is essential to stick to my game plan. that is no plan. we are, after all professionals. within this work you will find swift cuts into the ways of words some of them heard some of them said some of them crafted for the very purpose of poetry if you will indulge me the monicker for the present. The president does not recite poems because he or she knows that the  poet makes bombs, takes lives, creates riots, kills. more often than not so called writers don't have a clue as to what they are typing. I perhaps in honor of cummings forgo syntax and hone in on a feeling that is horny with a pure lust for a groove. these grooves, like songs, they don't last long and you will find it so even in a symphony i mean no worthwhile composer ever kept to one phrase.it's the magic of jazz, too you will agree. now then, for a second or two forget all that you heard and imagine that someone might walk up to you at a mall or airport and put you down for good. frightening thought given that there usually are too many people in such places to prevent smeared handkerchiefs or darts...even the arts could not help you then! this forget about it for a few seconds has a flip side; lookit bro do me a favor and hand this envelope to sasha - she's the one over by the camel cigarettes - i fucked up and she's not talking to me and i would appreciate it if you you could give her this...so you walk over with that and leave to hear on the news that sasha expired on the spot perhaps or you exit to enter the hotel but instead of the concierge there are a handful of agents waiting to take you down, downtown..so, yes or no but in between also the maybe. and it it is this baby that beckons for an expanding style, a universe of hints, a hiss whispering hey perhaps switzerland hallucinates a very small amount in the water supply Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded  sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain mexico angels play the horses duped I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch while some exorcists may doubt whether it is lawful to use certain unconsecrated herbs and stones  Ain't I rough enough,Ain't I tough enough Ain't I rich enough, in love enough oh! Please...



-prolonged periods of Castle Cachtice- 
There were present above twenty persons to attest the truth of this
 How many times in his life would he have given anything to have turned off a 
main road to find a lost corner like this where he could 
let the world go by and live in the sea from dawn to 
dusk! 

Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died Fell long before; nor aught avail'd him now bunny girls party at oss kuala lumpur 2014 switzerland hallucinates
a very small amount in the water supply Hantu Hutan i guess i must seem very cold blooded  sky high horrors electrodes no body just long arms implanted in the brain
janos and thorko TD true drug do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons This excellent plan recommended itself to all Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645

red sox moe a mistake of a million times gottlieb southern mexico angels play the horses duped  I knelt at her feet in gratitude and adoration scratching of the witch

loved the placefirst sight magic mushrooms spread blessed salt all over the apartment

 the terrace leading almost to the high-tide  mark priestess maria sights The Tangangyika laughter epidemic of 1962 was put down to an outbreak of mass hysteria I was utterly astounded; and, for a moment, was quite at a loss what to do  some exorcist may doubt whether it is lawful to use
certain unconsecrated herbs and stones

 the low two-storied house With gay brick-red 
awnings over the windows you heard sounds you smell things
powerless to seek revenge 
 Darvula and Dorottya 
Several students said they had seen the ghostly figure in the canteen
Moreover, it cannot be denied that the devil liveth, yea and reigneth throughout the whole world. Witchcraft and sorcery therefore are the works of the devil: whereby he doth not only hurt men, but also, by the permission of God, he sometimes destroyeth them.
 
 the crescent-shaped bay of blue water and golden sand.chemicals vanish anacin local skylab i want her dead tuesday pepco
 
And now he was to have a whole week of this capable of causing mental attitudes
 he knew the whores the pimps and later in san francisco with a commanding view
But my evil destiny attended me still.

In his mind he fingered the necklace of the days to come.


 BRIM-page three- I work at the BEACH CLUB. I'm Siti from Indonesia I'm twenty five. There's more different people here in Kuala Lumpur. In Jakarta Barat it's too much Chinese and it only costs some few thousand rupiahs for a ticket. You know, like thirty dollars. anyway it's weird because I thought Chang and James might have been Chinese. I don't have anything against the them, but they control my country and nobody does anything. Anyway, I thought maybe they were Japanese too. Of course, I wasn't really thinking about where they where from or even where I was from. I was thinking that it was good money at least more than the beach club at petronas twin towers. My work there was only part-time, you see. Some people are saying that I'm a whore but being a masseuse at a unisex salon well I would have to be a lesbian too. I liked James more than Chang  and i was filled with hope that I would be in a reality show. He made me practice for this show many times at the mall and train stations and even in a hotel lobby. He gave me 500rm each time. Once when I  was putting the money away my cell snapped a photograph of him. You know how sometimes the camera is on and something clicks. That is how the police got a picture of him. Andreano Erwin the ambassador deputy from my country told me he was really  Ri Ji U from North Korea.and that they think he is hiding in the NK consulate. It sounds so much like a movie! Well, for a while it was fun I mean James took me to Cambodia and Chang gave me the oil there which I thought was baby oil. Between the travel and expectation I didn't think it could ever be for murder. James and I even celebrated my birthday together. I remember him saying that I would be perfect, that I would be a big star. Now everything is haywire. Erwin thinks that Chang is actually Hang Song Hack the mastermind and that he was also at the airport before flying back to Jakarta. It should have been me going back home. But in the back of my thoughts, I did sort of become a star in a way, a strange way. TD or true drug to do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons This excellent plan  recommended itself to all Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645 Aisyah it is not my name. I've only ever been to real beaches and my lips are nicer than the other girl. In this part of the world everybody knows that all the power is in the NK and like many people here I work for the smiling man man our dear leader. I have been working for the smiling man since nine may of last year when was named chairman. Nobody can replace our dear leader even if the chinese  think they can control more of asia by bringing in his brother the disney dog! Let them have america if they want more land, this shit is ours. The poison was in a plastic vial which would break and infiltrate the skin upon contact.. Me and Doan were fighted for two days over who would have the honor but in the end we agreed the important thing was removing the threat. I put a quick red color to my black hair and sharpened my eyebrows for the kill. There's no security at the airport and anybody can come and go. We came and made him go away. BYE BYE NAM. Hang or Chang as they are calling him was there too to make sure there were no tourist with cameras filming as Doan and I made our final approach. They say I might hang for it but they have no proof and even if they kill me our dear leader will live on and my family will not be forgot. Ten thousand years to our dear leader! Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died...

BRIM-page four- 

corporation; oh my inky we yuss luvey dovey your ideals your idea - 

me; lookit i aint got but one idea really these are variations on it you see -

corporation;itss like you are more than one persons -

me: whaddaya mean like schizoid or like scholarly?

Corporation: hahahaha and funny too two funny oh my we really need to a contract together!

me: i'm not dealing with nobody involved with tyra banks, last time you know my idea for
a supermodel reality show where they get filmed taking real drugs and harder drugs each
season well that right cunt didn't even bloody respond like i'm not even worth the time and well a person has to have some sense of self respect you said it yourself i got mutliplicity in me!

corporation: we can - did you say drugs?

me: you know fitzgerald went hollywood and couldn't hack it he said a writer is always several folks if said scribe is any good. oh can i take these water bottles and bagels home with me when you get done?

corporation: wait a minute take it easy sure you can - can we get the bags for inky - here i have made out a list of characters for a stop action animation features to be run in bollywood all you have to do is put in the dialogue.

me; no no you gotta run it someother place some place i can go to and eat cow meat without being crucified they they have a thing about the bovine species how about england i mean how am i gonna promote this calcutta you gotta give me a break i ain't going vegan.

corporation: well i will run it through the heads and see if we can sells it in london.

me: excellent good i will be waiting at home if these bags and water hold out that long if not then i will either be on my way to the supermarket or on my way back from there oh and please don't send no car i got a nervous disorder trauma thing from being stopped by cars..

BRIM -PAGE SIX- If I hear page six my heart beats back to the new york post which holds a distinct place for that number in their daily manuscript. Now, I have only learned a few things worth knowng as a writer and one of them is to write as much of what is in front of you as possibe. Yes, it is true that most of the books you mght find concern themselves wth what is behind, what is past. It may seem a contradiction, but it ain't. You may well ask what or how but the answer is right there, i mean, most of us cannot divine what s going to collapse, call, or customize the coming days and to pen the present well it is like a live sex show as it were uhm where one is not exactly planning to grab here or suck there yet it may happen...anyway, i have yet to actually find any editor that would guide my groove in the manner i thought was custom to the writing profession. in any case, i got up feeling pretty fine over page five even with the missing word and typo and after musing over my erection and the coffee and cigarette well i looked at the aforementioned manhattan journal which told me that two boys had eliminated a little girl because she was annoying them on snapchat. snapchat is not pants with press down buttons uhm it's like unedited writing as it is being typed...yeah, like what the keyloggers on your computers see when you handle the board.I always hate to hear of such sad well wait i don't want to say sad...of such tragedy. more than men, women are the future. there is no way around it even if we could get pregnant most of us wouldnt. Now then, if we all agree, let us leave the appetizer and move on to the entree...Yes. I am aware that I did try to strangle Roxanne with my bare hands, but I had no idea that strangulation could lead directly to death. I should always be grateful that she didn't hold it against me and that even years later she returned with another equally attractive girl and all three of us both sat on the floor in front of the sony big screen to view porn. Porn, if you don't know, is like when page six goes to magazine mode on sundays. well, to bring this back to subject, it could well be that Doan and Siti such as it was with me and my hands had no clue they would be held as culprits! I realize that it might not be for you in reading yet for myself in writing it is an exciting revelation. Of course, i will admit that it is not as thrilling as a three thousand square foot nine room residence on Park Avenue, cindy adams, praise you yay yet i have to admit a touch of jealousy. it's the name isn't..innocent, sweet, all american concise...inky gram. hmm inky gram the gossip columnist, listen up news corp, angelo, and lynch! get me nine rooms and you gotta new grinder! in reply please refer to file number 0936. The envy of eyebrow lovers and sensual curves everywhere, Maddie Hasson, is in talks to direct a screwball comedy set in a first come first serve free male-circumcision clinic in south africa, sources have revealed to the post....otherwise, he goes on smoothly...checkbooks cell.grabbed true tap trump tape i was there in the script dissed democrats were worried are still wondering the soviets have an extensive espionage network in canada like carter and the salary originally wanted mel gibson's batman burst bustin jieber militants all liberal the messiah threat ixnayed the barney man no information regarding this being furnished to the state department Yentas with nothing else to do claim with politics.smells strong pantsuits pinstripes long range goals are being set.crazed for more raised to score back in malaysia a great number of girls greet the evening with porn hub, that is in case you don't visit the dark side of the web, sort of like a browsing library but with a lot more books in it. so six days ago world of buzz says malaysian women rank seventh via mobile. thanks ms pui yeah her name's pui fun. indeed. 




 



brim pg 21 -look here go away you ain't fit for this firing line you a girl a girl child not yet a woman nossir i am about to present my case for wite power no wait thar's white power you prolly ain't even over listening to snope dog and draik so i need me some space not no myspace damned internet got eerybody suicidal yeah so i  listen to james brown but i'm sticking it to the jesus killing jews at the same time every month is white history month now simply because i'm from alabama don't mean i am a hillbilly nossir my hate will go on sure you go ahead and dance to that darkie beat that rape my fruit of the loom bloom but one of these days the real race war is going to be on and whadda ya gonna do fucking move to uganda where bitches ain't even got panty liners ain't you say you all vegan and what not what damned veggies you think you gonna get in them green hills motherfucking cannibals in them mountains someof them still in the trees see the white man the right man built this world and we the sons of truth and freedom well it is our job to buy it back to maintain it everywhere you look it's getting to be the same for fucks sake they got niggers in finland it's gone too far like a fart turned wet telling me i can't use the dark negroid negro nigger blackboard words it's politcal correctness we don't want to hurt nobody but ourselves give me a break african american as if no no you go and get afro happy celebrate kwanza why don't ya let me get to what i gotta get to fuck transgender visibility with a toothless nigra in the night you lucky if you can spot the eyes it's dangerous it's downright time for revolution for resolution and this pussy licker inkrealm going on and on for like a month about some stupid ass airport in some mongrel  place where you don't see nobody walking dogs prolly cause they feed them to hindus on the sly all the while going yeah no cow you want a coca cola with that soy burger baby he should be on our side instead he wants to keep working for the blood sucking jews and bitches and whatever but at least finish reading mein kampf dude inkrealm they are a bunch muslims and all a muslim wants to do is seventy two virgins not even in grade school can you get seventy two virgins but the first thing on my list is that selena gomez i mean srsly the weekend the whole weekend in her whizard heat wave really what kind of example is that to the white girls i dunno i think she might be part mexican or from morocco fucking moron gonna whore out bitches looking up to her over some poser writing ass songs i heard they play doing the butt all night long when they fucking fuck me the world is wrong but we gonna make it right not like letting bill cosby slide into the sidelines or pushing the interracial digest down our throats nossir well if we got rid of spike lee we can get rid of the rest of them say son you want to order some italian pizza or maybe some chinese nah momma made sandwhiches and i don't want to miss mariah's world  after we get done with the jimmy swaggart ministries  now look here boy i'm gonna give you some emotion you keep masturbating to half breeds on the E channel boy why did i ever get you a legal machine gun is you is or is you ain't my pure breed white child son jesus give me strength i can cope with the daughter listening to jungle music but you done it now i gotta get my rockwell tapes out for you  all day tomorrow and no mariah woman no how if you gotta bust your nuts boy well i got you the olson twin poster now get your hotline crazy bling sister out of my den i gotta write this letter to paul ryan and make him understand our position maybe even step down and let a real man work on the healthcare for white power !




brim pg17 -the horny cat recognised him. Both dressed in black. cartridges for every species.  I could not speak to her as she kissed me in a dream, cole younger's smith and wesson schofield single action revolver is available for purchase. for he had to take up a verse after the chorus, and drawl out the words which were you gotta feed em, guns are hungry But she knew that he had known her, and she almost felt that she had found a friend the only sound that verified i wasn't hallucinating who would be kind to her.  tango 6 is everything you are looking for in a dangerous game scope.  when inquiry would be made the butt plate has a rubber recoil this friar would be able to give some testimony we played a rough game As a boy i was mesmerized by fdr and hemingway niggers 18 inch machete with serrated blade will slice it off right write off she passed on altogether across the retractable air hose reel bridge, in order that she might reach the spot she desired without observation--and perhaps also with some halting idea that she might thus postpone the evil moment the impulse is mild, more of a push than a jab...cole was bald and wroted a biography...this rifle makes me feel like thomas jefferson. moth watering features right out of the box The figure of nymphomaniacs rested on the other balustrade of the bridge with black hill cartriges. original ww2 rank tabs. the african cape is a formidable opponent. carrying a handgun has become a way of life and she was reminded to stand for a while under its shadow. he only admitted to holding up that last job up north...She had thought of this, and had told herself that she would tell the president to make a clean cut then cross the roadway where you can't fix it unless you understand how the firearm is supposed to work.Foam and sheepskin assure comfort. in the middle of the that moment the moon was shining brightly: and then, too, the night was long. will you have the nerve to stand your ground and finish the job.  Why need she be in a hurry? i've seen them take five or six shots before sucking the dirt. 


brim-pg18-it's one degree in moscow. i don't mean i have one degree, as you know, aside from my graduate and post graduate studies at yale, i have been given several degrees including the third by chloe. now as i was saying, it's one degree. there was snow. i fear the baby chickens will not make it. to think of this as spring must have consequences. now then, i realize that every word must further the action. needs to involve the reader, but this ain't no fifty shades of same book. it is a letting go and coming to some type of contrary style which attracts me and of course which will persuade for some sympathy for the women. especially them two standing accused. innocent until railroaded guilty but we will lock you up in the meanwhile! where can they go? their faces made famous by the furious newspaper magazine articles? come on let them at least have something other than the jail in this inbetween time. it only seems fair. as i made my way again from moscow to the local mall i hurried past the stationed cars. Pretty girls caught my eye but my thoughts were still in a film i had seen. it was Al Pacino in the humbling and well if you have not seen it and love the arts then you must...the ending sequence is arguably one of the most powerful moments in all cinema. not part of the theme here, but i sense a thread. the same sort of excited feeling haunted me after london boulevard. both deal with actors. my once upon time mentor told me when i went to see him in union square that the writer is very much like the actor. i am what i say am. am say i what am i...he was still doing a southern accent for some reason but not when he said those words. in any case, despite being a doctor and a field agent for several agencies, i am not above employing - to settle the matter- unattributed quotes as i have done on purpose! hunter s, well he typed out entire novels and thus became gonzo. Yes, i say this for the narrow minded that cannot imagine literature as the great mosaic salvation. you want to pin me down yet i am not what i was and i am not what i will be...become. imagine the world itself is in these two girls for they might yet birth the future magic. how could i let it go and retain any sense of honor of self? well. it's a few more than one degree here and i am going to look at the trending porn videos for the next page maybe it will lead to some connection twixt the spaces. please, remember we are not even done with the first chapter!

brim-pg 20- THEY DON'T LIKE TO EVEN SAY DRUGS BUT GIVE US THE PITCH

-no curves, no knuckles, watch the ball it;s straight speed. well they would not start with speed. it would be pot most likely the only catch is no alcohol only narcotics. so there is your season one, some of them might even get a prescription since there are a few legal states now. cut to season two, cocaine. devil's dandruff. the marching powder season. keep in mind they'd still be on the weed. three, we go a few episodes sniffing heroin and then shooting. now if the ratings hit high we do four with withdrawl and methadone treatment, sure you will say what if the network wants a five or six? i got no problems, i will bring you corrupt dea agents so down on the dope to make your head spin. now these operatives have seen the show and they want drugs but they want to sex that especially hot contestant so we set it up as a return to form as it were except now there is a romance too and they might be so whacked out who knows maybe even marriage hell it'd be a nineteenth century novel right there on the televsion.

--WE SEE WHERE YOU ARE GOING BUT HOW IS A PRODUCER SUPPOSED TO GET AWAY WITH LEGAL ISSUES NOT TO MENTION THE DAMAGE TO THESE MODELS.

-i got both questions settled, ready, all right, A the producers and the network go under the educational stance, we bring you this report to enlighten bla bla bla and as for the models well look there ain't no way you'd make it in this business and taking this job will get you on tv not only that but it's guaranteed to keep you thin after all is said and done you will have an enviable credit to your portfolio, you look like you already had a few drugs yes well in case of overdose or anything there is a hefty insurance policy for the person or charity of your choice besides what else is there other than prostitution or crime when you can't pay up on that loft in city. sign the document and we'll take care of the rest. 

--WE ONLY NEED TO MAKE CERTAIN YOU REALLY WANT US TO - 

-i am sure. and you well know that if it is not in the top ten it will be a cult hit oh fuck i don't mean to curse excuse me but in between the episodes a history of drug use and users of note. i especially want freud included and to make positively sure we are on the same page this pilot cannot get into the hands of tyra banks. i don't even care if it's oprah that does it and mind you i got no love for these black women making themselves over with heeb monikers like whoopee
but anybody an i mean anybody other than tyra, but yes i want it to be a woman presenting for the possible empathy angle unless you all can get richard simmons you know people are curious a testicle might pop out of the shorts it could work.

brim pg 19 - 
Devil anne burnt thou my loin's as,
sand beach me here divorce my own sweet book,
sucking teen teeth from zipper walls was,
i yet burning long-lived penis, in her bod,
told her i no this hathaway phones as the tits,
And do what thou wilt crowley-footed crime
even the wide vagina and all her fading meets:
yet I forbid thee of doubt's heinous rhyme,
O rave not with thy instagram love's fair glow,
Nor draw me insane there without response when,
Him in thy bed tainted you with wine and blow,
For beauty's rented only to succeeding chicken.
Yet do thy worst old friend: despise my song,
My love for thee in my verse lives ever young!


BRIM - Pg 7- Daughters shown think Jane. Privacy happens, Chloe! More relationship complicated. One word, dead. But if you try sometimes…Jealousy hair between rapid friends…Andrew said he thinks about white supremacy and how silly the fight for equality is in some places where they make it seem like racism is still possible. Being in the klan is cool and all but then you put on the sports station and find yourself cheering some pin head pitcher from Japan. Jabba Hut jar jar binks bin laden obiden, I have not seen rogue one because I keep thinking it’s eyeshadow  I don’t want…Maybe there are too many fashion models in my mind…How does the cat know I’m home alone enough to risk the balcony climb as if playing me in love with missy five? Here’s the pork chop, sorry I can’t feed all you feral sons of bitches everyday. End cat hunger today! Back in Cairo, Hosni could be heard screaming tonight all you bitches are mine again! I try to wear headphones whenever possible but after a heart attack a broken rib and busted leg (dig the pun everybody) well some shouting simply cannot be avoided. Weird, yes I’m all the way over here but time and space walks well what does it really mean if you are not wearing a watch…Bill Pufky, whatever happens, I don’t want no damn wrist watch, get me a case of the good stuff for srying out loud…Srying is like crying but with an s for she doesn’t want to go camping this weekend, whaddaya mean? I mean ten naked youths killed a sheep in front of work makes you free a few hours ago.  Repeat after me repeal and replace, but some hypnotic suggestions oba there don’t ever go away rambo nothing is oba or as Charles Manson put-placed it too many people died for this protest I paraphrase and take it out of context but turn with me I might yet make a point that has not yet been wroted copied underlined and bookmarked by the pamphlet and printing presses. Speaking of which and seriously back to the matter at hand, I heard new details which I won’t go into here yet I will post them accordingly anyway the most of the matter is the name of the boyfriend and if you are into omerta and that sort of thing how he snitched his way free! Y’all seen that one kid in the picture with the caption going I want to be a snitch when I grow up. Among others, I have made several references to William s Burroughs,  when me you fly I am the wings…part of it is not only admiration for the prose but I was reading Junky which used to be Junkie and within those wild pages there is a bit about how it used to go for snitches, well at first free shots and such but when that much was over it weren’t no hide and seek and lets go back home now no it usually led to some sort of fatality now I wonder if you can tell when a writer pauses see I know of some folks that might grimace at my talk of hangings and I have myself had to deal with related incidents but I mean only to proceed with the text not to have the departed in haunting stance or disregard nobody’s sentiment. I sent me a note reminder all the young girls love alice, I was a young man I could not resist but like strangulation I honestly had no knowledge that put-placing a rope around your neck and using the air as a bridge could bring about the after life. Well, this might be overkill but it seemed like the thing to say in type while waiting to hear about Doan and Siti and their lawyers and the trial date and so on such as the snitch boyfriend and the daughter I believe I read oh dear imagine the repercussion how much worse than a cheerleaders concussion the cushion of a day before the attack a woman I had bathed with in an imaginary  roman hotel -The gypsies say that no such castle exists there except maybe in the imagination of one man-well she had been visiting Westminster  I thought to spin it into the story to say her husband had put a hit on her to go party with Mubarak but i could not decide if it would be rude even if it is a choice curve ball to throw. Bottom of the seventh. three up, three down. no portion of this game can be retransmitted without the express wroted consent of my muses, doan and siti. 
BRIM - page seven - the night was...sultry...things to do; 1, contact adobe to get their engineers on top of embedding gif and memes along with the text for possible electronic editions of BRIM. 
2. avoid stasis. line for a poem. in stasis with stacey i stayed roaming the quiet roar of seattle. 
3. remember that people like action, like some excitement...yeah umph! 4. romance too if not romance then have bad romance playing in some night club scene...yeah radio gaga...5. it's national puppy day but don't tell your what to do with a dead puppy jokes, it would be a drag instead have lola the chihuahua make an appearance, something sweet, yeah nice like. 6. that bloodline word that is alike boogie, yeah bogie; an evil spirit, an unidentified aircraft hmm malaysia recently got their latest military airbus; it is also a wheeled vehicle for the railroad...7. lucifer...why did i write that, this was cake this was easy but the sound of satan, what the hell was i thinking! i first met satan after checkiing in to the belleclaire hotel right off broadway and seventy third street. yeah, well, i done it once with lucrezia and who knows i might get lucky here too. ( I see you have got your varsity letter. Now, now, before you rush into any more of this best of times worst of times generally accepted feeling the heat closing how about a quick vasectomy.It's done wonders for all of us and well some of us have daughters you see, ah sorry, you don't see I forget we left you with asexual eyes all for the best really, team work, help out the ex-convicts who may or may not have married into the family. I declare, you really are a good sport! whoa there, that sure is one weird valley pocket gopher, Stacey, get the gloves. Don't look down, it only takes a few there we go seconds, Stacey, this sack is ready for stitches. Can't wait to see what wonders you will weave for page seven. So exciting and even better now that nobody gets pregnant. Ah, it is true, I would have had abortions myself. But don't be so quick to disregard incubation, the future is still at hand. now, onward my good christian soldier! ) I can't go on, I cannot, can't hardly stand it! hope is the thing with feathers, charlie they took my thumbs, Burroughs dearly wanted to shoot it out with Broyard at twenty paces with .45s, but a duel between an author and a reviewer was hopelessly one-sided, in that only the reviewer was armed the point i was trying to make might be exemplified in the parker reel angel heart so wait no heroin in kuala lumpur uhm please please please yeah the protagonist got no idea half the time over what he has done and this boys and girls is horror! Baby, you did me wrong.beleaguered, despotic, aggrieved, boastfully sensual and always ready to pontificate, Alois is yet another version of the devil Mr. Mailer knows I'm down on my paris review knees 193 cover me in a cape i'm off the stage with my one idea .It can take you down. Look at poor Truman. His attitude became, If I’m not recognized in my own time then something absolutely awful is taking place in society Acknowledge the power of magic if you have employed it successfully to obtain your desires .ma mail mailer a similar plot in tough guys don't dance fuck it take a chance let the undertaker talk I may not dress like Satan anymore, but I'm still down with the devil I've crippled more people than polio.Allow the purity of evil to guide you.Satan has been the best friend the Church has ever had, as He has kept it in business all these years Listen, if you've got beef with me, I aint a hard guy to find. I stand 5'7, I weigh 136lbs, and I'm usually at home avoiding conversations about food. Late evening lingered long after midnight and I weighed the page perplexed over how to move away from myself and let the music of the manuscript play in the sorrowful language of one cast down from  heaven's high and out of his angelic head always here to hound the faithful as i turn to wolfgang for wisdom I bow to the learned lord, you certainly made me sweat,in style pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feeling. 
BRIM-pg 11-if you look up, or -as we often tend to now intone- google how to follow satan it won't bring you satisfaction unless you intend to worship the devil. What I was searching for was how to follow the lightning quick trilogy that is turning out to be page ten of this tome. i suppose some exposition on the reason for this "style" might be in order. it is three fold, more than once i have felt that not only was a certain work in progress already available but even some of the thoughts behind it and so why not post it as it were...secondly, the challenge of being concise while at the same time throwing nearly all manner of form out the window and -hopefuly- making it new or at least beatific in that smoke for the scene and bring everybody into the dream type of typing wherein a quote such as just sped by your reading peepers will melt into the question, into the quest...third and lastly, this "act" this craft, this spooky art, it is part of what makes me who i am even when i say some immortal words not mine or sing a line far from this time. It makes it so because that is also who we all are, the collective 'we all' so when the cult croons i fell from the sky well we have all had that dream, no? Yes and so we can get on the bandstand it's a good a good beat and you can dance to it understand? I like that tradition, what James Joyce, TS Eliot, Ezra Pound, ee Cummings, and William Burroughs brought to literature. Now then, how to follow Lucifer as it were... I may have mentioned in these notes how goodly Rules Don't Apply looked and in one of my favorite scenes Howard Hughes, by the way that book by Richard Hack could give the Harry Houdini pamphlet a run for its money if you enjoy an awesome story, takes a plane over to Great Britain and on the way he's telling the story of Jolson having to come on stage after Caruso. Well, Jolson struggles since the crowd keeps cheering uhm you know like when the fab four had to quit touring because they simply could not hear themselves over the euphoric screams, anyway he gets them, HH, relates, to simmer down and then proclaims, you ain't seen nothing yet. Cutting off the engine and letting the air freighter float with the back door flapping he starts on a solo jamboree of Is it True What They Say About Dixie even throwing in a few extra lines just like Bob Dylan might in a concert well in a concert in a city with his kind of light. Right. Now, then, there this is what I need to do here even if it seems I only have Hathaway in euphoria as Billy Shakes put-placed it  I hate  from hate away she threw and saved my life saying not you. I realize, it might only be my own reverie and in reality her and Eiza have teamed up to put me a straitjacket yet that is all one really needs indeed that dream those dreamy feelings of being appreciated. i don't expect anyone to applaud at this point especially when in other circumstances i would be pretty much through given that it's been a month but they are dragging this out like Talia on a what to wear for the weekend over on the west coast...there's even graffiti going, how much longer?  Call from Cairo! telephone? an actual - yes. Who, I ask one of my two secretaries, he's saying Honey. Honey? I'm not here, I don't know any honey well wait hand me the handset, Hello? Inky Man it's Hosni Hi! Mubarak, you motherfucker, I heard you were free nobody said you got a cell. I am calling because I need this talk of release orgy contained. Look, man you were uhm I was happy for you I let it go, nobody reads these things i see you still sound like mister dracula. I am going to be very fair with you Inky Man, I only ask not to be included in the final draft. We can talk it over, I would love to visit egypt a lot of the cabbies in the city they only pick me up because they think i'm from the luxor oh wait you know i could sell my agent on a biography but with the sex you know how it is in the publishing business.. No biography not yet only i need containment yes? In that case, let's have a meeting, a sit down i really need to get out of the house more anyway and i know you can relate. Very nice talking, I will think for a time to meet and meanwhile remember my request.  you got it big dog, falafel and castello high red label beer i hope soon thanks for checking in, sorry about the piece in the times. Inky Man you read my mind, those faggots they don't know what's it like in egypt with  emergency law and everybody wanting more money everywhere nevermind I change my stance write the whole orgy yes and i say to you as a friend in a few more days there will be more. Well, that makes my job a lot easier, i hear the GID is no joke and well don't get too wild. I have always been a moderate despite what they might say and yes no joke but it is GIS at least for now. all right, got it,  give my regards to Saliba Street!
BRIM- pg 10 -part one-

say say say ivory bone paul to me then sounds like the number of the beast in catalan
so i'm waiting for harvey to cast juno temple you know but it's not the same with the new
marilyn diez you see i always say some things cannot be translated but they did do riverrun past adams in cathay it was eve and the snake bruce it ain't gone daddy for that he swear it was her pink cadillac while going for smokes all the way from russia to bella vista mall i seen me a girl with a candle i thought later uhm the virgin spring hoping of course she'd be all right but i know nobody is truly it's all temporary that tempest and this temptation bringing me to satan. the darkness, my dear emil how well you balanced it in murnau's faust emily i suppose could help but it would hurt not to surround bulgakov for a few seconds (to you, I'm an allen atheist yet to God, I'm the loyal opposition -all in- there is no god but allah)  But this is the question that disturbs me--if there is no God, then who, one wonders, rules the life of man and keeps the world in order --Me, me whispered the cat let me give the signal Like pineapples in a hothouse! now you will say I am hesitating and i am for A im not on a deadline pay and B my sometime mentor norman K built an entire hierarchy from hell with agents and such but i suspect he was not allowed to finish the trilogy I’m not guilty  said K much less live long after indeed also the matter of the highly misunderstood nietzsche left without intellect for his remaining dozen years or bakers dozen hey pound spent a similar amount of time in a southeast washington facility look bob we simply can't trust them they turn on us they turn it's spring the melting snow puddles across the pavement in the land of rasputin as the schoolgirl grins at me when i step aside holding a red candle as if it were her child i steal a photograph and stamp my way out of the supermarket leaving those starving men to their own stupidity. Intrusive, thoughtless people said K the word fame is in famine and yes as a girl i knew you both which is how i made the connection with kiera in london boulevard I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's his hair was perfect!

BRIM- pg 10 -part two- the devil's in a cat and the baby's brain lookit here bob we got one of them new york city intellectuals telling us he voted trump and gonna make us go halleluja satan, i dunno man i got  my uber to deal with and why in the world read anything more than the newspapers and the bible...i sure damn wish bernie or the lying bitch wouldve won now ain't nobody but these fool arty types can come out supporting the donald...yeah i sure know what you mean hey bob you think pence is a fag - no man - you sure i mean i heard he goes to them broadways shows - i tell you who is a fag, though that gordon fox - from batman - no man not commissioner gordon the weirdo from rhode island who stole everything he could get while sucking intern dick and then he married some queer fudge packing hair dresses yeah marcus or marcos you gonna die when you hear this one mrs marcus fox oh fuck no was he the governor - i don't remember - it's rhode island i only know cause i had to drive up there one time - man whoever is driving this dude sure is taking his time no it's not that it's prolly the rider here look at this; The following special arrangements are required at each hotel. Use this check list very carefully: there may be no deviations. A uniformed security officer is to be assigned to the door of the hotel suite 24 hours a day. You are not to use a city policeman and you are not to use the hotel detective. This security officer should be hired from Pinkerton or some similar organization. The following items are to be in the suite prior to inkrealm's arrival: Cracked ice in buckets -- several buckets - Lunch and dinner menus -Pen and pencils and pads of paper -Professional-size hair dryer -Steam iron and board -One carton of super King sized rothmans menthol cigarettes - One carton of camel blue 99s -One bowl of peppermint Life Savers blue and yellow irises  Case of Pepsi-Cola, ginger ale, vanilla soda and bottled water.There is to be a maid on hand in the suite when Mister inkrealm arrives at the hotel. She is to stand by until  dismissed.the following liquor and drugs are to be in the suite when Inkrealm arrives: Two-fifths of 100-proof Russian vodka. Note: this is not 80 proof and it is only Russian- One half kilogram of Cannabis. Note; seeds are to be removed before weighing. One ounce Heroin. Note powder not the liquid hospital type. One fifth Beefeater gin note Bombay acceptable and Two bottles Moet & Chandon champagne. now then inkrealm will not go to any radio, television studios or newspaper offices. Don't suggests it, don't request it. Arrange interviews for 10:30 or 11:00, depending on the number of reporters at the press conference. These  interviews are to be set in the same suite (not inkrealm's). Arrange for a number of  tables with two chairs each for various places in the suite, and inkrealm will go from one to the other for exclusive interviews. EXCLUSIVES: When it is absolutely necessary, and when the person involved is of truly top stature, meaning only from DW, Primer Impacto,WPLG local ten, or The New York Post inkrealm will give an exclusive.It is extremely important that you arrange events at the hotel exactly as outlined above. Inkrealm will be met in an air-conditioned, chauffeur-driven, newly cleaned Mercedes limousine. Instruct your chauffeurs that they are not to smoke and that may not at any time drive in excess of 39 miles an hour with inkrealm in the car.inkrealm will be carrying a minimum of 15 pieces of luggage. Along with the limousine you will meet inkrealm's plan with a closed ford van for the luggage. Have with you a luggage handler who can accompany the van back to the hotel. It will be his task to take an inventory of the luggage as it comes off the plane and into the van, and as it is being brought into inkrealm's suite. There will be a few small items which will go with inkrealm in the limousine.. Luggage van to follow limousine and remain within sight of the limousine. Every precaution should be taken to assure that none of the luggage is misplaced. Fifteen pieces is the estimated minimum. There may be considerably more and it will be possible for confusion to result..now that is a list, say how'd you get it well it's my ford van got rented on this and i get back when he gets in. 

BRIM pg10 part three- a honeymoon that might well be spent in a nunnery army hospital aces and eights '65 what price hollywood you're not tying yourself for life Boardcards sister of joan. If Constance can't take it with her, then she won't go stimulation is the basis i told her twenty times in order to support herself and her baby tried acting until something better came along- i started first in the convent suddenly buy in with bullets married a count peso   I'm a go-to-sleep-at-4 a.m. girl, and get up at 11 annulled personally I don't think there is such a thing as age. I knew Elsie Mendl when she was 92, and she used to wear me out met sam went to hollywood Phillip Morgan 25 rich people falaise third marriage service herman de luxe bluff Marquise ante I've always been too thin. You can hang a hat and coat on my vertebrae. I love to eat. Lorinda and Christina with Gilbert until Coultur Colonel Madame X Arlington today in the same rank, I'd be making a million dollars a picture. I was the first one to introduce the percentage. I did it with a handshake  In later years she admitted that she conceived peter after divorcing her husband no limit just a thin thin layer is necessary they come to see me then go out humming  loads and loads of loveliness -one had the feeling that she'd been shot from a canon and showered her sparks over an incredulous world with no thought or care where they fell (no surgeon's scalpel has ever touched my face) her '31 salary inspired tax legislation aimed at the industry bought the easiest way let's drink to the fallen angel 57 movies sister to barbara Active Player keep them honest knock now, the next time anyone asks you how old I am, tell them I started my career at 2, and had my first baby at 4 i sang with my own voice in films we can hardly take that into account i also did cosmetics and fashion design costumes in cincinnati he's not offering you marriage he's offering you heaven for my tempermental skin steal a few more minutes of sleep and sometimes not even then i like a sheen and good luck  i've been thinking It's staying calm and happy and having something interesting to do a rough contract  you wouldn't expect  a very confident girl who'd like the job 1904 i now pronounce you splendid truly splendid be constant and thou chainest time forever hey find out the name of the lady i'm dancing with -Konstanz is a city on Lake Constance someone in new york once called her miss dracula, stanzi wolfgang finds out things like that writing late  amadeus saturday 13 symphony May celebrate its fourth Long Night of the sciences mozart  he can  lake afford them veronica's real name a feeling of courage, power, Cum grano salis you can become what you choose do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law do you mind, no, on the contrary. 

BRIM-pg9- prelude to the satanic yackety yak - Mortech manufacturing lists six carriers none of them with metal covers now i don't mean like when the awesome metallica done did thin lizzy but rather like "covered cadaver" - there is even a self propelled one!  Mind, you they are in azusa california. I started looking into it because I found that image strange, didn't you? sort of like science fiction or some extremely fancy hotel room service cart. Yes, the eight foot long salad has arrived, would you like it in the terrace? Led me to troll a message board wherein i found this wonderful piece of writing; I volunteered as a male "candy striper" for three years at a Seventh Day Adventist hospital in the Los Angeles area from 1980 to early 1984. It was a blast. As a late-20's single guy, I met many eligible nurses, which was the whole idea...If you are a single guy and want to meet women, I recommend it. If you are a single woman and want to meet guys, maybe not. Sorry if that sounds sexist, but let's face it, most nurses are women, even in 2014...well as my sweet doll house lorena put it you are borned you live and you die but not necessarily in that order christina, He's a one stop shop, makes my cherry pop...the candy man make everything he make delicious satisfying you can even eat the dishes...i want candy all the time...No, it seems there are carriers with metal covers, but they are termed trolleys. Mortuary trolleys. Leec has them out in the United Kingdom.  which leaves me only with the ceremony part;  The site for the operation has to be chosen with care, the most favourable is some lonely crossroads, a vault, a forest, or perhaps from the mortuary to "cheras" well they've got an ikea down there too i care the magician says proceeding to bleed the self and drawing the name on a stone, the ritual  can see where the soul of a person currently resides after praying by dancing around the stone tranced.  Gimmie that! Gimmie that - your automobile,Turn off that smokestack And that goddamn radio  Hum... along with me... Hum along with the t.v. No one's Gonna  Stop Jane in a white Toyota Vellfire Pierce the Veil then chanting over a an object representing the target and a fresh human eye. If successfull, the target gains the ability to see past the middle for several nights According to Mr Glosserman, China has already bought its annual allocation of coal but i recommend eating the eyeball to glimpse the last moments... Under United Nations rules, victims of human trafficking who commit crimes under duress should not be prosecuted by surgically creating up to seven additional genitalia on a fresh corpse out of its tissue, the performers can freely trade Willpower points among each other and have greater success at following spells that do not specifically target a ghost, provided that they do have intercourse with the newly modified corpse Felicity Gerry, a Brit criminal lawyer, claims the two attackers could have been victims of human trafficking. To describe such a passage as pornographic in the lurid explitcitness of its details would not be an overstatement. Naming the witch ideology and stereotype stratton which reminds me of stratten If someone's going to talk about me, I'd want it to be positively. The way many write, you'd think only bad things were interesting...yet i defend myself with seneca no less see Whatever herb gives flower the cause of death,  Or juice of twisted root, her hands have culled...Here I invoke you, silent company, Infernal gods, blind Chaos, sunless home  Of shadowy Dis, and squalid caves of Death Bound by the banks of Tartarus. Lost souls, For this new bridal leave your wonted toil.  Stand still, thou whirling wheel, Ixion touch  Again firm ground ; come, Tantalus, and drink Unchecked the wave of the Pirenian fount. Let heavier punishment on Creon wait  Thou stone of Sisyphus, worn smooth, roll back ; And ye Danaides who strive in vain To fill your leaking jars, I need your aid. Wisma Putra is believed to have made arrangements with next of kin to receive body in Macau (Wisma Putra is another name for the Malaysian Ministry of Foreign Affairs) wiz map ya try a pill ip ay no MR AND MRS inkrealm ??!! THE DYNAMIC DUDE MAY BECOME A TRIO!! THE QUEEN OF STICKS AIMS HIGH ! FIND OUT TOMORROW, WHETHER SHE MISSES. . .OR MRS. !! SAME INK-TIME, SAME INK-CHANNEL. AND HAIL LORENZO SEMPLE even if that episode was wroted by stanford sherman War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want but who would need a self propelled covered cadaver carrier fuck it let's get one anyway maybe google will be able to wheel us around the city hey this might solve lohan's driver problem waymo huh way more yet only room for one david i miss you here she comes here she comes back from suffragette city. 






brim-pg 22 xhapter ii orca and the killer oral tradition

 As I was a-walking down Paradise Street,To me way-aye, blow the man down.
I know what my ancestors would have done. they had this shaman. A skin whale stuffed with birds.... piss on it and throw it into the sea. A pretty young damsel I chanced for to meet, If all is done right, the evil spirit flies out of his mouth and he's dead...Give me some time to blow the man down, Maybe you should try it for me.- The world has changed. Even our gods dance to a new song.  That's exactly what she said. Give me some time to blow the man down It says in the book - Especially the head.I hailed her in English, she answered me clear, I’m from the Arrow bound to the Shakespeare- What are you doing down here? I had to see what you wanted bill's camping gear for. Are you gonna hypnotise him? So I tailed her my flipper and took her in tow,And yardarm to yardarm away we did go. You are the dumbest, maddest man I've ever met. That's what I get for my books. So I give you fair warning before we belay; Don’t never take heed of what pretty girls say.

brim - pg 23 - back you, triumph. Will not you let me wallow in my solitude as i swallow my tender coffee and tempered smokes. No--no, no, said michael anderson. No, it will not be enough! But his voice now was not altogether real. something of a wild joy came to from the generous admission. a tv Jewess i recall said even in the concentration camps we kept kosher! good eats. conquered with no other weapons than those holes nature had given her.

I will never become his wife--that he shall never touch me or speak to me or my poodle in love. I blame Heeb Magazine and those tumblr biches! How could this happen? the solemnity in her manner which for a while startled me and mr anderson into silence. "You will believe my hole, I am sure," said she. "No, I would not believe you or the hole maybe the poodle but I have not heard it speak since elie showed his tattoo. Let's shake the dust, michael anderson slapped his hands together. I stood perplexed over the situation, it had been years i suspected forgot all together yet as i tried to climb out of city and into the syracuse suburbs there was hesitation, did she love me after all or perhaps even love michael anderson too...

I sure did like the dog although i am profoundly more into snakes and reptiles. As the door eased shut i could hear her start screaming the words mixed up like streams in an overflowing jacuzzi; malaysia! muslims! I will turn your stomach into a telephone and I hope the goddamned midget croaks! I had wished he hadn't heard but I knew that he had so i looked at him on our way out saying don't worry we are all going to croak sooner or later and obviously if not her hole then for the poodle we will return and settle things nice like educated folks. 

RING IT UP CUT UP CARPE DOWN - just another tweet in the twitter kingdom
twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands on the carpet Aserejé, ja deje tejebe tude jebere sebiunouba Majabi an de bugui an de buididipí bee hotel-hopping bubbly teddy
doing handstands on the carpet twenty dwarves took turns the intrigue deepens lol the classiq hotel where quality matters disneyland obsession Our CCTV records on a loop erasing any footage from the weekend the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag Chinese elites had no expectation take me to the station aimee mann ed mental illness she ran away from moby blotting not rubbing acorn cocks on the carpet twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands the internet was too slow police took her upstairs for six hours reena the receptionist was twenty eight Chinese elites had no expectation blue contact lenses five police officers upstairs for six hours deepens the intrigue lol three different hotels in Sepang an oriental design tattoo of a man with two Japanese carps spread across his torso bubbly teddy bear blue denim skirt  brexit parade deported paper kids white jogger selfie not handcuffed at that pointAccording to the law in Malaysia, there is no time limit the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag Malaysian police came to identify Kim Jong Nam through the moles on his face records on a loop erasing any footage from the weekend The NFL Redskins move from Boston to Washington Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi 1937 dwarves took turns doing handstands on the carpet the internet was too slow Carp are coldwater fish hill sedway zegen widespread translocation has muddled the historical zoogeography of the carp blue contact lenses five police officers upstairs for six hours hill sedway zegen widespread 1933 Hoover gave his last major speech,to the Republican Club at the Waldorf the Hunted Heir  alone and carrying a bag the key is blotting not rubbing
i rub out the word take me to the station n-word  CTS develops from problems in a nerve in the wrist reena the receptionist was twenty eight independent analysis is a serious blow to the plan financial president shoot border millicent patrolbrexit parade deported paper kids white jogger selfie not handcuffed at that point millicent put the losers in socialist microwaves aimee mann ed mental illness she ran away from moby acorn cocks The NFL Redskins move from Boston to Washington Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi 1937 spring training intel buying those parts from our servers n-word swastika regional mexican recipe put the losers in socialist microwaves saftey your vision our eye i rub out the word carpet handstands took twenty dwarves They downloaded CCTV recordings onto a disc 
spread across his torso Aserejé, ja deje tejebe tude jebere sebiunouba  Majabi an de bugui an de buididipí bee hotel-hopping Hoover gave his last major speech,to the bubbly Republican Club three different hotels in Sepang independent analysis is a serious blow to the plan twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands -6:29 13 march 2017

 BRIM-page three- I work at the BEACH CLUB. I'm Siti from Indonesia I'm twenty five. There's more different people here in Kuala Lumpur. In Jakarta Barat it's too much Chinese and it only costs some few thousand rupiahs for a ticket. You know, like thirty dollars. anyway it's weird because I thought Chang and James might have been Chinese. I don't have anything against the them, but they control my country and nobody does anything. Anyway, I thought maybe they were Japanese too. Of course, I wasn't really thinking about where they where from or even where I was from. I was thinking that it was good money at least more than the beach club at petronas twin towers. My work there was only part-time, you see. Some people are saying that I'm a whore but being a masseuse at a unisex salon well I would have to be a lesbian too. I liked James more than Chang  and i was filled with hope that I would be in a reality show. He made me practice for this show many times at the mall and train stations and even in a hotel lobby. He gave me 500rm each time. Once when I  was putting the money away my cell snapped a photograph of him. You know how sometimes the camera is on and something clicks. That is how the police got a picture of him. Andreano Erwin the ambassador deputy from my country told me he was really  Ri Ji U from North Korea.and that they think he is hiding in the NK consulate. It sounds so much like a movie! Well, for a while it was fun I mean James took me to Cambodia and Chang gave me the oil there which I thought was baby oil. Between the travel and expectation I didn't think it could ever be for murder. James and I even celebrated my birthday together. I remember him saying that I would be perfect, that I would be a big star. Now everything is haywire. Erwin thinks that Chang is actually Hang Song Hack the mastermind and that he was also at the airport before flying back to Jakarta. It should have been me going back home. But in the back of my thoughts, I did sort of become a star in a way, a strange way. TD or true drug to do our bidding against your will the phone was on the table demonologists often discussed the possibility of witches having sexual relations with demons This excellent plan  recommended itself to all Mont Kiara J-0 G-08, Jalan Solaris, Soho KL a neck and leg trance strategic services i'm sure having seen no direct proof maleficium Hantu Gunung, are spirits that roamed the mountains they belong to the group of ancient ghosts that inhabits  the earth before the coming of men amnesia Nineteen witches were executed at Chelmsford in 1645 Aisyah it is not my name. I've only ever been to real beaches and my lips are nicer than the other girl. In this part of the world everybody knows that all the power is in the NK and like many people here I work for the smiling man man our dear leader. I have been working for the smiling man since nine may of last year when was named chairman. Nobody can replace our dear leader even if the chinese  think they can control more of asia by bringing in his brother the disney dog! Let them have america if they want more land, this shit is ours. The poison was in a plastic vial which would break and infiltrate the skin upon contact.. Me and Doan were fighted for two days over who would have the honor but in the end we agreed the important thing was removing the threat. I put a quick red color to my black hair and sharpened my eyebrows for the kill. There's no security at the airport and anybody can come and go. We came and made him go away. BYE BYE NAM. Hang or Chang as they are calling him was there too to make sure there were no tourist with cameras filming as Doan and I made our final approach. They say I might hang for it but they have no proof and even if they kill me our dear leader will live on and my family will not be forgot. Ten thousand years to our dear leader! Witches sometimes formed models of their intended victims from wax or clay. When pins were stuck into these, or when the models were  thrown on the fire, the victim fell ill and sometimes even wasted away and died...

BRIM-page four- 

corporation; oh my inky we yuss luvey dovey your ideals your idea - 

me; lookit i aint got but one idea really these are variations on it you see -

corporation;itss like you are more than one persons -

me: whaddaya mean like schizoid or like scholarly?

Corporation: hahahaha and funny too two funny oh my we really need to a contract together!

me: i'm not dealing with nobody involved with tyra banks, last time you know my idea for
a supermodel reality show where they get filmed taking real drugs and harder drugs each
season well that right cunt didn't even bloody respond like i'm not even worth the time and well a person has to have some sense of self respect you said it yourself i got mutliplicity in me!

corporation: we can - did you say drugs?

me: you know fitzgerald went hollywood and couldn't hack it he said a writer is always several folks if said scribe is any good. oh can i take these water bottles and bagels home with me when you get done?

corporation: wait a minute take it easy sure you can - can we get the bags for inky - here i have made out a list of characters for a stop action animation features to be run in bollywood all you have to do is put in the dialogue.

me; no no you gotta run it someother place some place i can go to and eat cow meat without being crucified they they have a thing about the bovine species how about england i mean how am i gonna promote this calcutta you gotta give me a break i ain't going vegan.

corporation: well i will run it through the heads and see if we can sells it in london.

me: excellent good i will be waiting at home if these bags and water hold out that long if not then i will either be on my way to the supermarket or on my way back from there oh and please don't send no car i got a nervous disorder trauma thing from being stopped by cars..

BRIM PG 98 (PRE-VIEW EXCERPT FROM A LITERARY JOURNAL)

You had better have a pretty strong belt and be prepared for a couple of grisly notches when you go to see inkrealm's BRIM, which a great many people are sure to do. For a work in progress and an experienced hand at frightening people, BRIM comes at you with a club strobe lights in this frankly intended justice-curdler, which opened at the twitter feed recently.
There is not an abundance of subtlety or the lately familiar inkrealm bent toward significant and colorful scenery in this obviously low-budget job. With a maximum of complication and conspiracy, it gets off to a search and destroy start with the arrival of fugitive girls with a dead bankrolled disney plaayer right at an eerie airport.
Well, perhaps it doesn't get to the point there too swiftly. That's another little thing about this BRIM. It does seem strangely paced for inkrealm and given over to a lot of detail. But when it does get to the prose and very apparently lifts from other sources we  settle for the night understanding that the actual writing process is being put on display...deftly avoiding the pitfalls of his own limitations and thus extending all the possibilities of BRIM, it turns out this isolated work in progress is, indeed, a  house haunted with potential and information the likes of which literature has yet to encounter. 
The man who diffidently tends it—he is the narrator and the girl is actually two and sometimes more—is a queer duck, given to smirks and giggles and swift dashes up to a stark porn mansion on the internet. There, it appears, he has travel tickets—and cantakerous hotel stays—And to think it is this motherfucker, as it  develops, that is creeping up with a knife and cutting away our expectations all the while raising the bar of the written word can do even sticking holes into people's minds, drawing considerable thought.
That's the way it is with inkrealm's BRIM—slow buildups to sudden shocks that are old-fashioned melodrama and post-modern insanity. However effective it is still a work in progress and will be until the verdict is dictated and the burial site has been revealed. Then it may be a matter of question whether inkrealm's points of sensual surrealism, the sort not at all favored by the hoi polloi, are as reliable as his intense ezra intent to make it new while inverting the loomis axiom of poetry as news that stays news into news as poetry that stays poetry. 

BRIM 75 or 79 as with many things or even anything, in writing it's good to strike while the iron is hot as the cliche tells us however in weighing my position i postulated that a week away from typing would serve some purpose perhaps even give me new inspiration the problem is that people like to speculate and within that never ending curiousity there is the corruption which follows it...that is why there is that other cliche which killed the cat...in any case, here we are back at notes...i feel whatever this pause provoked that it was well placed given that gina spent the same week on stage as curly's wife in of mice and men a pretty good story to ponder early in life as it tends to put-place you more on the side of compassion or empathy....i had to leave busan for a few minutes in miami where cheerleading gladiators are being thrown to the lions as we speak...of course, i went right back to south korea after a stop in the city where evil forces are attempting to move my apartment to another floor...this happens there or at least i've seen it happen twice before but my feeling is that it is highly unfair and most likely unjustified...although it is present in my thoughts the scene has no real place in this manuscript. as i think now to let paragraphs pour down into the page to edit later it occurs to me that words come before any rational thought at least in humans...i suppose this is how words get their power or some of it...as i lay next to jyong mesmerized by her eyes, i started daydreaming about doan and then how thi is so near to thigh and being sunday i  am always reminded of being stopped by unsensual men in uniform posing as keepers of the peace...one of them had an automatic pistol strapped to his thigh...buenos dias he was trying to speak to me it was eight thirty in the morning...i only bring it up for the word buenos has busan in it...i wonder how many koreans are in argentina...some people fit in nicely nearly everywhere...i'm exhausted from all the sex, i have slept but it has been thinking sleep where the mind tries to resolve some equation or theory...i have slept but it has been a series of escaping dreams from the visitors that perchanced or the bad sex women of frustration and jealousy...i know this section isn't anything special yet let it be a common prayer for my friends in missouri and texas where a storm has ripped through the otherwise gentle skies. april showers bring may flowers april tempest brings mayhem and trouble. 

BRIM 76 or 80  gold in the skin and now i'm glowing i'm golden finally i get why so many bitches rub this and that on their faces not to mention virgin blood sometimes it feels like the city and having had the sit down with pink secret who told me that if i wanted to smuggle drugs into malaysia i could find a girl with flabby tits and pay off a doctor to put two packages in her and then get another one in kuala lumpur to pull it out and stitch it up with a similar size settings...i tell pink secret why are we eating bread in a fancy east side hotel restaurant and no because i have already tried hanging myself and don't want to let nobody else try it for me...hell, i'm thinking if they beat a school boy to death imagine what they would do to a writer...people are being rounded up and told to shut their pie holes, facebook accounts have disappeared, and well, maybe i'm in over my head but if anything runs in my family it is pigheadedness, they are stubborn folk some of them have lived to be a hundred and six which is nothing in contrast to 121 who was that puan the oldest bitch in malaysia expired the other day...i was with christina in san francisco but don't tell her boyfriend...even if it was only in a dream...waking up from it i heard le pen did not win outright and had competition from my corn or something and yeah corn is good food but to get real votes...stranger things can happen even the obiden grope and rope tour is making the rounds...women across several cities have been complaining of breast discomfort after their bras came into the vicinity of that circus act...to think ringling brothers gave it up and we are left with democrats...a man could puke if  a man were pre-disposed to vomit...at least walls are going up against the rising tide of immigrant hordes in europe...sad though that it comes to this but i guess it is the same reason why we all have gates and locks and doors as for the spiritual intruders well i myself have not washed the sheets this year and it gives me a good sense of place that is until the nose movers push the no smell no tell button. 

brim - pg 55 - 12 april and wednesday my mind a mexico a morocco a malaysia yet i say that only to be thought of as maybe original. I walk away from the writing for there it is compramos todo lo que sea viejo cruising the street as if it were going to save the senses. i post these notes often without proofreading as long the feeling is right. of course when i do take a minute and re-read them well i find missing words for the mind's quicker than the typing hand if one is an expert texpert don't you think the walrus well i was thinking that once in a while certain lyric word play is wrong since it not only challenges the song in changing it but also brings it to mind although it has nothing to do with the case. i find this for myself more true with the dylan than with the others...possibly the reason for having an alternate...yet it is true, a lot of my thoughts are sweetened by music and the words within said music, montana to montenegro and then milan i'm too sexy for this song is what i am trying to say. i might yet try another but in logic's reasoning i also need to consider this might not get edited or printed therefore i need to walk that fine line, the tightrope as it were of typing with an eye past the present.  

brim -pg 56 - FROM HOLLYWOOD FLORIDA HERE"S THE GAME WHERE KNOWLEDGE IS IN AND LAY IS SEEN!  IT'S PICK THE RIGHT PUSSY!!! AND NOW HERE"S THE HOST OF THE SHOW, INKY REALM!!! 

thank you so much, thank you for tuning in to pick the right pussy, if you were watching our last program you know that a lady came to us from los angeles, where she won our contestant search, did herself very proud, and won the chance to not only clean my smegma but to suck on it as well. so, ms bossy, will you introduce the champion from los angeles and the challenger;

OUR CURRENT CHAMPION WHO HAS LICKED AND ALSO SUCKED HER WAY TO THE SECOND ROUND SHE"S AN ECONOMY MAJOR FROM UCLA AND SHE IS A COMPUTER FANATIC AND FORMER ACTRESS WHO ENJOYS TOAST AND EATING TRAIL MIX MS SEMAL LORA!  AND HER OPPONENT A RETIRED PORN QUEEN AND PROFESSIONAL WALLET CONSULTANT AND NOVICE SWIMMER WHO ENJOYS PLAYING CHECKERS AND WATCHING YOU TUBE MS AVA VINCENT!

anva and semal welcome back to pick the right pussy. today we will go through these catagories; mystery from the valley!  stumpers from the subway! fast forward from celebrity sex tapes! bid for the bra! fact or photograph! just one more lick! how low will you go without bending! take a chance on the glory hole! choose the cut hymen! and of course as always the endgame! face the clitoris!!!
since it is our passover special we have brought in the yeshiva boys choir to give you ladies a hand.



pg 57 - BRIM - a work in progress - notes - i was in a turn and toss loss of sleep let me get up and not lay here if i'm not dreaming type of thing and tuned in to firing line, the one with groucho marx, i hadn't heard him talking really speaking and truthfully responding to questions...i was taken for a sad turn in seeing well hearing as i wasn't watching the screen him hold such disregard for women i mean he must have really been hurt even to the point of sticking with his hatred in order to not pay more alimony despite what his wife might do with the gardner.  i admire william f buckley but more so now for holding back on this frail shadow fighting at the same time to be taken seriously since hey i had me a time with ts eliot and the insecure fragililty of the man who is only certain of his jewishness and how that should extend to all of society meaning i was glad eichmann hanged and i hope nassir hangs but don't hang me...i should note i thought he was saying nasa but then i remembered my history classes at yale, well wanting to wipe a whole race from the face of the earth and being classified in a hateful or racist category well you simply gotta be in the wrong place at the right time to understand any point of view, i get both sides but it made me weep to hear a hero so defensive and derisive and proud of relations with a poet who let his woman rot away far from home. i do like all these people and i hope i'm wrong in certain aspects of this but i know from experience that my instinct is usually fool proof and to partly agree with groucho marx it isn't when it comes to women and their beauty. still, i pray that albeit deceived i will not ever find myself following through on my killabitch.com domain.  indeed, it was like hearing the fanfare of the women's march on washington and pink pussy hats and feeling how could this happen and who do they expect to pay for all this neglecting real issues? don't they see where the true protest should be held?  now then let us back to here and now where i am hopefully saving two from the gallows.  


brim pg 52 - professor oh has informed me that aish which would sound sort of like jeez is an expression of perturbation. i write it down for the connection to the name aishyah. now then the obvious consequence would be to figure or find the word play most likely to make sense...sit i aish yah do an thi huong --- sit i ash you do in the hon -- doing the ho - i sit as you do on the hand -- ain't that most of all ? all night, they were the young americans --- city ash you'd own the land --- hmm no dice at least not in this point of view --- cities shy and down the one...let's see doan they say is the girl from vietnam yet doan in korean means design or draft or pattern ... which makes the mind follow into design disruption. at least in my thoughts. girl interrupted...on one side of the coin, to be trite. now the other, if so, for we already see how they were disrupted, what design pattern or draft did they postpone if any? obviously the life of kim jong nam, but to be cruel over the dead man he wasn't really going to take over the north korean leadership, i mean it is as anything possible but highly unlikely from all accounts. not in the hermit kingdom joseon  it would sort of be like saying i am going to write yet another masterpiece and although i would wanna well it ain't like it would be siti aishyah waiting there doan thi huong don't you think exactly even for a true master it would present more than a challenge it would be a task and so it is with dictatorships i suppose and having said so i surmise the pattern of design to be something other than what is visible. invisible. don't let them see us don't tell them what we are doing are these the words of the all powerful syndicates governments cartels...vx before syrian sarin missiles iran and russia and robtree the talk of world three Rob's Tree Service is a privately held company in Lubbock, texas taxes i got an uncle tha lives in taxes lubbock is a greasy spoon climbing sticks bullion coin rhino horns the roving gambler he was very bored all work and no play makes professor oh no i'm melting   It looks good at NASA One Roger  B.C.S. Arm switch is on Okay, Victor  Lighting rods are armed. Switch is on. Here comes the throttle Circuit breakers in  We have separation Roger Inboard and outboards are on. I'm comin' forward with the side stick  Looks good  Uhm, Roger  I've got a blow-out in Damper Three!: Get your pitch to zero Pitch is out! I can't hold altitude!  Correction, Alpha Hold is off. Turn selectors--Emergency!  Flight Com, I can't hold it she's breaking up! 

brim - page 53 ink realm, inner space astronaut--a man barely alive Gentlemen, we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We Have the capability to make the world's first mission out of control agent . inky realm will be that man  Will be that man Better than the stasi before: better, stronger, faster...of course not every idea holds a climax. if it did we'd all be walking orgasms. and indeed, having stated the obvious well yes not all of this could make it through the edit nor should it although in that very strange way it has momentarily as i find my groove. the groove. the grove outside the window does not so much breathe but sigh. stacked cots on either wall they didn't put us in the same rooms. in the night i sleep on top and in the day i sleep on the bottom. i think bottom is the opposite of brim if brim the top but it isn't really it's the edge of the top so what is the inner ledge of the bottom well it beats me. maybe i should subtitle it a tale of death and undefined temptations.... sometimes they put us all in the same windowless room without chairs. Some of us lean against the bricks or even stretch out on the ground. There is a work area but we have not been allowed to sew. They might make us pick up around the machines after all the workers have gone. It then feels like we are in a factory which is weird because i never wanted to work in a factory. to sit in the same place and to do the same thing over and over and over.  no. once in a while I forget everything that has happened and even my own past and for those minutes it all seems normal even tranquil you know peaceful.  at least, for me. 

brim page 54 - Not every single idea holds a climax. if it did we'd all be walking into orgasms all day long. the groove outside is long and green under the blue skies. the grove outside that window which i have seen only a few times because after the first few seconds of joy it only brings me sorrow to look out there and see that i won't be able to go out tomorrow or the next day. the grove does not so much breathe but sigh. its sadness mixing with mine. these stacked cots they are almost the same  on either wall. they didn't put us in the same rooms. in the night, i sleep on top one  and in the day i sleep on the bottom if i need more sleep... sometimes they put us all in the same windowless room without chairs. like at gym in school but with nothing to do. Some of us lean against the bricks or even stretch out on the ground. There is a work area but we have not been allowed to sew. They might make us pick up around the machines after all the workers have gone. It then feels like we are in a factory which is weird because i never wanted to work in a factory. to sit in the same place and to do the same thing over and over and over.  no. once in a while I forget everything that has happened and even my own past and for those minutes it all seems normal there's even tranquility you know peaceful.  at least, for me. That all changes with the meetings with the lawyers. It's not exactly the contract details for a reality show it's more like this is how you might save your own life. Words like innocent and guilty and plea and alibi and constraint and capture proceedure and hotel statements and exemption and clauses and article numbers and sub-articles and jury and judge. in my line of work there always very little talking and even practicing for what would happen at the airport well what is there to say when you surprise someone and then walk away. i like talking to you it's like you are holding me when you listen. tell them the story of mona fandey and everyone will see what a true woman killer is like. it looked like she was getting off even walking between the guards. hahaha ink realm you made me smile.  

BRIM - pg 43 -  live out windshield...he will not divide us...delusion with devil...he will not divide us...slide it in whole duuv...i've looked everywhere for a black hen to beat with my white cane, darvula! It does not have to be entirely black why a red hen or something they owned will do. He will not divide us...wish lived outlined...Bring it to me and I will do the rest. unvisited while old...he will divide us not...us divide will he...with idols unveiled;  Doan like moth she drift into the Siti jailhouse timeless new attraction no Cures for the reactions lit up like an inkrealm muse Just to feel the living wait  news will sell their dreams for press desires or lose the race to stars  get caught in tricking traps and start to cream off their tax share restless flight home out of a memory Of malaysian streets on lockdown nights...Division is splitting into equal parts or groups. It is the result of "fair sharing" &  the ÷ symbol, or sometimes the / symbol to mean divide...held dilution views...what do they mean he will not divide us...was it somebody's mantra from the 80s...white vision dulled...I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic of China  for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for almost...Here in my car I can only receive I can listen to you It keeps me stable for days In cars...It's totally surreal. It's still sinking in. I had a moment to myself yesterday where I was just sobbing  hey cassandra don't make no apollo prom date otherwise way to go Hsiao!

BRIM pg 44 - 
vx shots ring out in the malaysian night
 Enter kim jong nam from the klia hall
 he sees his breathing going down in a flood
 Cries out, “the chinese let my brother kill me!”
 Here comes the story of the jong nam
 The man the autopsy came to claim
 For somethin’ that he never won
 Put in a morgue cell, but one time he could-a been
going back to macau or disneyland world
 
 Two beauties lyin’ there the cops they see
 And another man named Boyfriend, movin’ around mysteriously
 “I didn’t do it,” he says, and he throws up his hands
 “I will tell you everything’ he admits, I hope you understand
 I saw them leavin’,” he says, and he stops
 “One of us had better check those hotel stops”
 And they arrive on the scene with their head lights flashin’
 In the hot kuala lumpur night
 
 Meanwhile, far away in another part of town
 ink realm and a couple of girlfriends are drivin’ around
 Number one contender for the fiddleweight sound
 Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down
 When a hoe pulled him over to the side of the road
 Just like the time before and the time before that
 In bed that’s just the way things go
 If you’re a poet you might as well not show up in the sheets
 ’Less you wanna draw the heat
 
 doan thi houng  had a partner and she had a rap for the cops
 Her and siti aisyah were just out prowlin’ around
 He said, “two men told me to, they looked like chinese
 They paid into our purse 500 each with the promise of a show”
 And miss siti aisyah just nodded her head slow
 Cop said, “Wait a minute, boys, this one’s north korean”
 So they locked down the embassy
 And though they  could hardly see
 They said that they could wait five years or ten
 
 three in the mornin’ and they haul ink realm in
 Take him to the condom and they bring him the farah
 The farah  looks up with her one dog eye
 Says, “Wha’d you bring him in here for? i already had this guy!”
 Yes, here’s the story of the inky realm
 The man the dog came to bite
 For trying to escape on the run 
 a tooth in his ass, but one time he could-a been
 The champion of the word
 
a few minutes later, the syrianas are in flame
 ink’s in her mouth panties, lickin’ for his name
 While kim jong nam still in the above ground game
 Across the street bitches are puttin’ the screws to him, lookin’ for somebody that came
 “Remember that delivery at the hardhat bar?”
 “Remember you said you got into stacey's car?”
 “You think you’d like to play ball with the neighborhood?”
 “Think it might be time for an affair yeah you saw me runnin’ in the light?”
 “Don’t forget that you can't bring the fleshlight”
 
 Siti Aisya said, “I’m really not sure”
 Cops said, “A poor girl like you could use a break
 We got you at the motel and we’re talkin’ to your friend Doan
 Now you don’t wanta have to go hang, be a nice one
 You’ll be doin’ society a favor
 These  sonofabitch foreigners is brave and gettin’ braver
 We want to put eleven inch bull horns in their ass and stir
 We want to pin this kim jong nam murder on them
 tHey ain’t no Gentleman muslim”
 
 inkrealm could take a man out with just one poem
 But he never did like to talk about it in any anthem
 It’s my occupation, he’d say, and I do it for play
 And when it’s over I’d just as soon go on my way
 Up to some movie paradise
 Where the tit streams flow and the leg is nice
 And ride some drugs along a trail
 But then they took him into the flat chest blouse
 Where they try to turn a man into a cheating house
 
 All of inkrealm’s hard ons were marked in advance
 The sex was a pony and clown circus, he never had a chance
 The judge made inkrealm’s witnesses drunkards from the slum
 To the teen girls who watched he was a revolutionary for cum
 And to the old folks he was just a crazy sex machine
 No one doubted that he pulled out too soon
 And though they could not produce the sperm
 The ghost of bathory said he was the one who planted the seed
 And the marriage jury agreed
 
 doan and siti were falsely tried
 The crime was murder “302,” guess who testified?
 the north koreans and they both baldly lied
 And the newspapers, they all went along for the ride
 How can the life of such women
 Be in the palm of some fool’s hand?
 To see them obviously framed
 Couldn’t help but make me feel ashamed to live in a world
 Where justice is a game
 
 Now all the criminals in overcoats and neckties
 go free to drink martinis and watch the bombs cries
 While inkrealm sits like henny youngman in a marriage hell
 An innocent man in an all day ringing bell
 That’s the story of the inkrealm
 But it won’t be over till they clear his name
 And give him back the time he’s done
 Put in a marriage cell, but one time he could-a been
 The champion of the word!

Brim - pg 45 -  Sunday and the sun burns like the boiling water before breakfast eggs are baked. Ever since all the other bygone days, every writer knows how the waiting blank page will speak. It will say, there's nothing left to write and it has all been said before. The blank page will continue in this manner until a scribe makes an astounding scribble and then it will be silent for a while. Not a long while. Only enough to let the scribbler understand that it was a on-off, an accident and that the blank page is no liar. In my lair I didn't dream as much as hear described some drastic man's details which were about holding a hostage. There was also something of an echo. Now the first point is brought up to look at the jailing of Doan and Siti as a kidnapping. The echo, disturbing in itself when you first encounter it let us say in your teen or years of twenties, has no reasoning it seems. It starts like some crazed hiccup until some unknown panacea pushes through. This second point is brought up to consider briefly the concept of eternal recurrence for after some contemplation it feels like an alluring truth given that sequences and sounds repeat within all of us in dreams and awake. I am, as someone that has delved into existentialism, thinking of the German Philosopher seeing the insect in amber, but searching for a more precise sensation or sense I see that it is there in  Ecclesiastes. That's one more thing, in this attempt at jotting down a work of literature for Doan and Siti, that I like. If all happens again throughout eternity well there I will be writing and worrying and wrestling with doubts to bring in a manuscript. A worthwhile book that does not fail to look around and to love right from earth's moving grounds. Even as still as it might seem in that Kuala Lumpur cell or in my Ritz Carlton suite it is all moving. Each one of us too moving away from what was yesterday, from so much forgot they can still get us stoned with simulacra stories in the press.  Let me for a moment mind my manners, when I say press it is a generalisation and it is way wrong for there are even in the worst of them some good reporters that bring it home as it were. In our time, we can talk or write freely as i have done here yet be it foolish for many others have gone before us leaving that creative space at least in civilised countries where so much is said that you can pretty much say anything at all except for the obvious lines. That is, I can for example hate with a liberal mind but not with a conservative mind. A terrible contradiction in freedom. I read somewhere that - and yes I am making a presumption - the new world order is now the one world order.  I heard the one about "one" a few years ago, but along with its sister movement "red" the fanfare has fizzled. Yes, I might have made you think back too much, uhm well say the occupy movement. I would have imagined an occupy all these war torn countries but no and but why...I dare say again darfur. only the concern has ceased, yet the struggle as we say is still real. In writing this I am filling in the blanks and finding ways to fire up against the obscurity imposed upon these women for everyday they suffer yet new stories emerge and the attention anchor shifts so that even those of us that care start saying well we must boycott pepsi now oh boy but be aware pepsico is over a hundred years hold and their stock has been climbing the charts since the start of this century.  I'd like to teach the world to sing In perfect harmony I'd like to buy the world some drugs And free pretty doan and lovely siti yes I'm the real thing.

 brim-27-Two in the morning. Time is not. Eight o'clock schools. Location Read. I was trying to get awake and distance myself from the previous day and any sense of achievement. You ever wonder about that, I know, Im repeating myself worse that Hunter S. Truly there are only so many words. You get a hit song and it's hell to pay. Can't even tell to play. Well, it happens with writing too. So maybe you only need one yet for many of us i suspect that it isn't getting the one song or sonnet but rather going for the unseen unimagined heights. I really was quick on the draw in a recent western, man i hardly even noticed my own reflex action, the shadow as i switched positions after words sort of let me know that i had something and whatever it was kept me up a long while as if to wipe me out, wear me away. I look up to a half moon sky for the nearest highland but there's nothing as if i had not even existed. i can let it go, got nothing prove, already gone the distance...in theory that is, not in reality. in reality i want to -what was it, yes, it was always the great american novel the thing Brian Wilson did with good vibrations. of course, his method was an over and over again through months of mix and match until the pocket symphony or as it is now until somebody hands a soft drink to a peace officer. It seems they were going for the tiannamen square sequence but they gagged on the gig giving a good many people reason to go no nope can't cope and plus there's the recycle refund to worry about. so, do i dig into re-recording overdub mastering to vibrations good? well, i have all too many manuscipts, scripts, and such that it might be overwhelming to get on that groove here. I might pick out certain things later, but for this i sense it has to be thusly. All i can do is continue to reach for that higher ground. I know, can't see where to go, blinded by the light as it were...swallowed by the lust for that knockout line loaded with love. Hmm, that's goodly...Swallowed by the lust for that knockout line loaded with love not like some second rate poet that cannot rise to another occassion to a next sensation out and about I am going to make it through even if i gotta blast my way out from all the bullshit from the preconceptions from this very constraint that ain't nothing but the very essence of all the tremble trouble that toppled all them one hit wonders and hounded those hacks in the shakespeare squadron into silence. I am not saying i'm above it, like always i'm saying i'm just like you - it's two am and i don't know nobody except now i also don't know which way to form the body of the next page. on stage one would simply whisper for the line. Beloved the hours.  


brim-28-  tone deaf uproar jail up all oil you sent him to my house on a skateboard with a box of cookies i did not you are listening to tom sex bomb jones well that is sorta true i well it's like a cool distraction i mean if you play it at the wrong time especially are you like a sicko celebrity stalker tone deaf uproar jail up all oil now that is so intense you should bring back the celebrity justice tv show i simply do what i can but i don't know about no cookies you know my uncle used to call me cookie but i never got to ask him why don't change the subject i heard you were going to raise an army of cookie box skateboarders how can i trust you no that was for a thing where i was going to say or explain which chloe i was talking about cause i felt bad that i had run away from you that time before but you gotta admit you are a little frightening over there how how am i frightful well it's those monster eyes like that look you give i've seen that in furry things with rabbies hey did you know beastiality is still legal in a few places was that what wyoming was about oh come on don't be so Infrared to see me move through the night what what the hell look no more boxes of cookies by allah i swear oh wait i am no longer muslim i got no i mean ask anybody i'm the kind of inky that only now found out anne was married and had offspring i don't box mailer used to box but i no i don't know this was weird and i suggest you don't give out your location i didn't tell him you told him i said nothing to nobody look i'm nearly harry in freaks it's been years if i may interject one statement i know you love me you are in love and had to put me in this book and send the skater no not at all it's just like i said now look at this Make me explode although you know the route to go to sex me slow what so it's sexual is that it you are a sex fiend addict what sex no i got red tube nobody has sex no more i was trying to say you are making me explode in the brain tone deaf uproar jail up all oil you sent him to my house on a skateboard i did not but thank you for that 1936 idea i didn't get it right but the page has potential and now i really gotta get to this work and what am i supposed to do well i would get a taser gun and practice that you wanna ride the lightning line gotta hand it to the nypd too bad they still gotta deal with diblasio all right but let's say i wanted a cookie noooo don't even start i was wrapping here i no wait tell me if you would  And yes, I must react to claims of those who say that you are not all that not in song lyrics ohmygod ok ok ok what was the question if you would send me sweets basically no not in the foreseeable future it's i would send like loose pants long pants but no cookies or cupcakes or cans of soda yeah i think you need some bell bottoms or something to keep people from zoning out when they focus on those insane eyes not that they are ugly you know oh i know and are you willing to swear under oath you mean the box yes i mean the box well, if you can map out how i got that to happen with any logic which you won't then i would. anyway be well i got testicular prespiration really it's been hot and i mean that in the weather not paris hilton sure you do i know you want me everybody wants me well bye. bye chloe. bitch is out of her mind. i heard that. fuck


brim- pg 26 - i'm walking. i'm walking away from two men stationed on the roadside for some reason. i'm walking all the way from kiev to the bella vista mall. i'm walking to pay the cable bill. i'm walking for cigarettes. i'm always now wondering if i will make it back. i see a toyota prado land cruiser vx. i do an imaginary double take. vx. where are the flies and the bees, not here but there are cars. a car named vx. i get the owners manual and flip through it, the word airport appears three times. i can't think for trying, i want to sleep, but my unthinking thoughts are sweeping the horizon.
is it anything, is it something... royal drops curved taxation - poultry android excavators -oral tax privacy understood - avoid crystal around export -arrival copy understood tax -sex drop at latvian corduroy -toxic lover saturday pardon -travel story paid and our cox -next valid product or soraya
airport novel dust yard coax - erin portray ax could do vast...a six hour train ride but i don't know if there is a connection or not, write it down anyway and see what comes up. AirAsia X is in talks with Jeju's provincial government about direct flights between Kuala Lumpur and the South Korean resort island.blonde wife fucks gym instructor asian teen with perfect boobs bodybuilder makes shy teen six movies now everyone can fly xtra long lucky guy She declined to speculate on possible frequencies while discussions are ongoing. cute brunette glamour fuck balls licking dutch fantasies AirAsia X is an AirAsia subsidiary offering long-haul services to 23 destinations  jolene swallowing pinay teen cum rouses bubbles AirAsia X operates a core fleet of 30 A330-300s, each with a seat configuration of 12 Premium Flatbeds and 365 Economy seats eating pussy meanwhile join the weapons of mass destruction terror club and discover where your big points can take you I have been a lawyer for 37 years and this is the first time my client ever wears  a bulletproof vest to the court we innovate others immitate!

BRIM PG 29 -But one thing is certain, the two women arrested in the aftermath of the brazen attack at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport 2 or KLIA2, are now the unfortunate victims of an elaborate scandal. It is really important to stress just how much progress has been made to empower women all over the kingdom, said the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud, who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies A local lawyer said, Siti Aisyah and Doan Thi Huong, from Vietnam, will be the sacrificial lambs in the case to be opened soon. just how much progress has been made to empower women all over the kingdom It is really important to stress said who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud,  They have been charged with Kim Jong Nam’s murder after CCTV footage allegedly shows them wiping his face with what may have been a toxin-soaked cloth. Based on merariq custom, a boy can take a girl away from her house for a night, or at least past curfew. When that happens, the girl is obliged to marry the boy, or else the young couple is considered a disgrace to both families and the wider indonesian society. According to  reports, T. was working at the tea shop on the night of another incident when H. and several others approached her for a conversation. H. then slapped T. on the face before leaving the venue. H. returned a few minutes later, accompanied by a group of some 20 men armed with knives and batons. The gang then began assaulting T., holding her down while beating her and cutting her face, ears, and legs, only stopping once the victim was unconscious.
The girl was transferred to Cho Ray Hospital with multiple wounds across her body, and her right ear was nearly severed...all over the kingdom It is really important to stress just how much progress has been made to empower women  said the princess Lamia bint Majed Al Saud, who serves as secretary-general of Alwaleed Philanthropies all over the  important kingdom  to how much  has progress It is really women been made to empower just stress who serves...


BRIM-pg31 Farah's man had been very mild with sex bomb, but his mildness did not produce any corresponding feelings of gentleness in the breasts of Margaret Atwood relative to the reading. Indeed, it had the contrary effect of instigating butt hole surfers and Farah Ottalux to new exercise machines. Murdoch, in his triumph, could not restrain himself from singing O'reilly stole a stallion in the bathroom with the wall television set which did not by any means think anything but fox news over cnn as did the other stations; and the estate of Sydney Sheldon, partly in defence of their man, and partly in quest of further fame informed the knotty ink man that ss had also served in the role of mentor. a real difficulty for the prose already in progress involved -if repeated- but there it was it was big all around Farah Ottalux's neck. a necklace that could make a man foolish with longing for the olden days of open slavery and plantations instead of minimun wages and corporations or if you are orienatal asian gentle then the golden days of  Samurai Ronin overlord kingdoms. yes ms Ottalux was making me forget all manner of worry and sense of self why the very spirit of Rimbaud smiled even as the garbage trucks surprised the starving feral creatures searching for scraps in the array of glad and not so glad plastic bags. Among them must be cats of note the future cats that will find all those days to come for their kittens and so on. if i succeeded in seducing farah ottalux's and cutting away at her society pretense with my request to see all her necklaces well it was only an ephemoral conquest for her husband's suv halted in the driveway and we both felt the ground from under us fill with apprehension's doubt  as far as the kitchen where she directed me while pulling up her panties and it would have been perfect if not for the attack dog's bite on my sit machine any defence consequently could not soothe my backside but picking up the labrador's eye which i had pulled out while it was entertaing the rear portion of my jeans from the garden as i limped back to my office gave me some sense of satisfaction. my two secretaries told me that a kind of pre-trial had been going on with Doan and Siti and that there were problems on the set of 1987. i was used to film set set-backs but not silence from a sensational trial, the first of it's kind even. i phoned Kim and asked her to join me for a few days in kuala lumpur and i wondered how i might turn her into my love slave, first of course i would investigate if she had any canines in her service. That night i dreamt of kim in her kentucky fried chicken uniform. 


brim pg 30 - The white woman is the devil. everybody know it. now maddie she say no to you she say i glue to other man you see but how you come here from south africa to glue a tutsi? tutsi all freak worse than the white devil woman. now you caint be hutu but you got that low inky voice maybe we find you a nice hutu girl but you can have no tutsi nowhere near they all work for eachother! we have commanments for hutu power. we want hutu power. also you help tell people about the great hutu, yes yes good. there will be no merci for the tutsi! kayibanda we will have kayibanda again now stand up and listen yes yes good. maybe later you can join the FDLR but forget that tutsi girl and if you are very excellent in all this you can join the rastas in the congo now these are not rastafarian these are hutu warriors that put the fear of death into all tutsi! nothing pleases god more than a dead tutsi. he cry to see the kiir and machar so silly in sudan or the republique centralafrique what they do is for money and for their own people to suffer but not the hutu the hutu is the greatest remember i told you. 
now yes sometimes we have to kill the white man.  we don't kill the jews they love the rwanda peanut butter and build things. we don't kill the yale white people hey inky they love the gorilla and they make us a lot of money. maybe later we can kill the university and the jews, but the main enemy is the tutsi. 
we will take over and have you seen kagame can you believe it a pure tutsi i don't know always smiling like he don't know jeannette has humped half the RDF and know you know why she is smiling the tutsi slut even worse than the white devil woman. wait, look there, someone what he's with you a former BPP you are still using beepers in america oh the black panther party in hiding from the new black panther party i see well all you look more hutu than tutsi but you gotta let go of islam and the puerto rican women worse than devils as bad as tutsi when we take over here we will take america too every single tutsi arsenio hall face needs to be erradicdated from the united states with hutu power! the white man must be brought to his knees except for the beach boys and whoever makes those drones we get they are wonderful. let's go drink some banana beer and i will introduce you to the rest of the militia. they hate the tutsi and  I hate these tutsi,  tutsi that are bought with a single coin, go kill a tutsi, yes kill a tutsi, my comrades!  Yes, really I hate them so much more than yesterday! 

brim pg 32 - south korean style april song for kim 

A darkness the starless sky
A cloud hidden moon started the rain
kim's embrace true
It settles my breathing near dawn
Dreams they fill my soul turns
pink diamond saunters south as the words end
One woman one man 
Indistiguishability
our immortality for a gem unending
Till my surrender hears her laws
This naked song will endure like the ocean
even if ballistic missiles everywhere gun
BRIM 116

all the federales say i hd i lawrence had no intention of writing; i'd gone twelve rounds with a new track and set down my recording gloves...rice and beans and doan's grin gin jin i'm in a sit down and stay put mindset had a lot of fun had a lot of money the things we think but do not say google maguire i wonder when the phone sings if you don't want to be an apartment then be a mosquito!
i feel the insect buzz why deny the obvious child? i decide to go stateside for a syracuse minute and maybe some camping, bill warns me, she won't stop taking pictures of her ring. on the plane i dream of some campus pool party, suddenly kissing the bride three years after the wedding, something tells me she loves you yet i know it might only be a beatles tune, and there are other scenes too mixed up with thought to make sense of until some sort of conversation after sauntering through city street walkways wherein i'm told they only have three fingers and being a guitarist i think of django until i recall the vulcan greeting...anyway, i'm not so worried over the government cloning aliens yet for some reason i find myself surprised over the segregation laws although i know it has been some time perhaps part of me is living in another epoch...hmm, weird. yes, yet the states to some extent or another have always held a quirk...i watch hell or highwater and adult world -both quirky- and i dream of tim...i dread how swiftly everyone turns on the talk of news, say or write the wrong thing and it's the end of you as an american...fear the frog in hunter's dorm i hear the words fire and fury i wonder who is writing this fluff on the afterglow of an atomic anniversary and then like an uppercut that makes you go to wikipedia i heard the word guam! this is the apprentice get me godzilla on the coast of north korea pronto...stand ye guamanians there's another magellan...now if the big bopper tells me guam you know i turn into vincent mancini what are you fucking crazy i don't even know this guam go ahead what the fuck do i care...just when you thought you were on vacation they pull you back in...the human soul needs actual beauty more than bread and it is beautiful here even in los angeles where certain groupies have been quarantied brother justin crowe or alexei belyakov was played by clancy brown behold the usher a dark heart dwells where branches meet...tim is showing me a book while asking the name of a tree...as with many a thing well i don't know yet later learn that it is alpinia purpurata of all places native to malaysia count henri de laborde de mopezat will be buried at another location in denmark!


BRIM 117 
 Talicia's don't get into trouble as others do, and do not want any one to help them. If you were done in the bail house you would have to go to bed without your ballet, because you could not take talc for your own powder. Now, when your doubt has gone, I shall go to work and have my iced tea.  And then he did go, bidding America bless him as he left it. Three hours after that he was disturbed in his own los angeles lodgings by one of the negro girls from the backlot rushing to his door, and begging him in Putin's name to come down to the assistance of the Russians.

     When inky left LA, the news did not proceed to do as it had said, and seemed to have forgotten their iran and game of hackers and syria deal. inky had been working sedulously with his recordings during all that last conversation; but when his new flat nosed blonde lover was gone, he allowed the work to fall from his hands, and sat motionless for awhile, gazing at the last streak of what the fuck left by the setting of kim jong nam's unburied body; but there was no longer a sign of its glory to be traced in the heavens around him. The twilight in Los angeles is not long and enduring as it is with Busan, though the daylight does not depart suddenly, leaving the darkness of night behind it without  time of warning as is the case way south, down among the islands of the argentines. But the soft, sweet light of the evening had waned and gone, how could he know for sure he was not being manipulated? how could anyone? and night had absolutely come upon him - like a story of poison in the hands that does nothing to the holder - while inky was still seated before the backlot with his eyes fixed upon the creamy streak of motionless sea which was still visible through the hotel's gloom. he was thinking of doan and siti, of his way of life, of his happiness, and of his duty towards them. he had told them, with his pretty feminine falseness, that he could wait without impatience; but now he said to himself that it would not be good for him to wait too much longer. He lived alone and without sex dolls, working very hard for his luxury, and they could see and feel and understand that a companion in his life was to him almost a necessity.  yes but how did the iceman get cyanide? almonds and apples? he would tell the post that all this must be brought to an end. he would not ask them for money, but he would make them understand that his services must, at any rate in part, be transferred. Why should not he and thoughts still live at the villa when they were married? And so thinking, and at last resolving until the flight back to south korea, he sat there till the dark night fell upon him.

BRIM 116

all the federales say i hd i lawrence had no intention of writing; i'd gone twelve rounds with a new track and set down my recording gloves...rice and beans and doan's grin gin jin i'm in a sit down and stay put mindset had a lot of fun had a lot of money the things we think but do not say google maguire i wonder when the phone sings if you don't want to be an apartment then be a mosquito!
i feel the insect buzz why deny the obvious child? i decide to go stateside for a syracuse minute and maybe some camping, bill warns me, she won't stop taking pictures of her ring. on the plane i dream of some campus pool party, suddenly kissing the bride three years after the wedding, something tells me she loves you yet i know it might only be a beatles tune, and there are other scenes too mixed up with thought to make sense of until some sort of conversation after sauntering through city street walkways wherein i'm told they only have three fingers and being a guitarist i think of django until i recall the vulcan greeting...anyway, i'm not so worried over the government cloning aliens yet for some reason i find myself surprised over the segregation laws although i know it has been some time perhaps part of me is living in another epoch...hmm, weird. yes, yet the states to some extent or another have always held a quirk...i watch hell or highwater and adult world -both quirky- and i dream of tim...i dread how swiftly everyone turns on the talk of news, say or write the wrong thing and it's the end of you as an american...fear the frog in hunter's dorm i hear the words fire and fury i wonder who is writing this fluff on the afterglow of an atomic anniversary and then like an uppercut that makes you go to wikipedia i heard the word guam! this is the apprentice get me godzilla on the coast of north korea pronto...stand ye guamanians there's another magellan...now if the big bopper tells me guam you know i turn into vincent mancini what are you fucking crazy i don't even know this guam go ahead what the fuck do i care...just when you thought you were on vacation they pull you back in...the human soul needs actual beauty more than bread and it is beautiful here even in los angeles where certain groupies have been quarantied brother justin crowe or alexei belyakov was played by clancy brown behold the usher a dark heart dwells where branches meet...tim is showing me a book while asking the name of a tree...as with many a thing well i don't know yet later learn that it is alpinia purpurata of all places native to malaysia count henri de laborde de mopezat will be buried at another location in denmark!


BRIM 117 
 Talicia's don't get into trouble as others do, and do not want any one to help them. If you were done in the bail house you would have to go to bed without your ballet, because you could not take talc for your own powder. Now, when your doubt has gone, I shall go to work and have my iced tea.  And then he did go, bidding America bless him as he left it. Three hours after that he was disturbed in his own los angeles lodgings by one of the negro girls from the backlot rushing to his door, and begging him in Putin's name to come down to the assistance of the Russians.

     When inky left LA, the news did not proceed to do as it had said, and seemed to have forgotten their iran and game of hackers and syria deal. inky had been working sedulously with his recordings during all that last conversation; but when his new flat nosed blonde lover was gone, he allowed the work to fall from his hands, and sat motionless for awhile, gazing at the last streak of what the fuck left by the setting of kim jong nam's unburied body; but there was no longer a sign of its glory to be traced in the heavens around him. The twilight in Los angeles is not long and enduring as it is with Busan, though the daylight does not depart suddenly, leaving the darkness of night behind it without  time of warning as is the case way south, down among the islands of the argentines. But the soft, sweet light of the evening had waned and gone, how could he know for sure he was not being manipulated? how could anyone? and night had absolutely come upon him - like a story of poison in the hands that does nothing to the holder - while inky was still seated before the backlot with his eyes fixed upon the creamy streak of motionless sea which was still visible through the hotel's gloom. he was thinking of doan and siti, of his way of life, of his happiness, and of his duty towards them. he had told them, with his pretty feminine falseness, that he could wait without impatience; but now he said to himself that it would not be good for him to wait too much longer. He lived alone and without sex dolls, working very hard for his luxury, and they could see and feel and understand that a companion in his life was to him almost a necessity.  yes but how did the iceman get cyanide? almonds and apples? he would tell the post that all this must be brought to an end. he would not ask them for money, but he would make them understand that his services must, at any rate in part, be transferred. Why should not he and thoughts still live at the villa when they were married? And so thinking, and at last resolving until the flight back to south korea, he sat there till the dark night fell upon him.

BRIM 81 or 85 She never loved jesus. not in the way children are expected to love jesus when they attend catholic school. The nuns, of course, they noticed and even held meetings with the administration. Everyone agreed. the love of jesus was simply not in her blood. There was nevertheless sugar in her veins. It was there because what she really loved was chewing gum. you will notice how interesting it is to find that in this case chewing gum might be a noun or an active verb. you will also notice that it is intended to be both at once...The homeroom teacher had her top desk drawer full up to overflowing with products from wrigley which she had confiscated from her...It had become a habit well isn't that clever the woman in a habit with a habit of search and seize...Wrigley is the corporate name for a company started in the late 1800s by willy wrigley when he started giving out sticks to help push the baking powder he was pushing in the north east.  He switched sides and came out with sweet sixteen orange in order to attract the male customers...at the time, it was considered unmanly to chew gum in any case he hit gold in 1893 with juicy fruit and the rest as they say is history and here we are years later where if you were to ask she would tell you that double mint was the first one she tried. These days,  hubba bubba is her favorite as it even gives her the sensation of having had a full meal but only last year it was hard fought battle between big red and airwaves. for a few days her fetish was adorning airwaves with winterfresh which seemed well within logic at least to someone that truly loved chewing gum.  From her trips to the country, she had come to understand that adams even with the robust bazooka and the crunchy chiclets could not near the wonder and variety of her church of choice that is obviously wrigley's gum. Not when she could get hubba bubba in a roll out tape contraption which had no comparison in her mind with anything on the planet including, much to the dismay of her catholic school, jesus. Yes, she loved the chewing gum especially wrigley's and did not exactly hate having some adams when upstate in fact the only variety that she was adverse to was clorets. how she wished and wanted for there to be no clorets alas and much like the lord and saviour it was not going away...well she weighed why worry...she plans on graduating even if twice now she has been held back and yes you guessed it for a stick of gum. her future goals are to be in some way involed with chewing gum preferably the wrigley corporation and to advocate for legalizing marriage between humans and packs of gum or if the courts are stubborn well then boxes of gum. sometimes at night before gliding into dreamland she will fantasize over the vows...do you solemnly swear to take this box of wrigley's hubba bubba as your lawfully wedded husband to have and to hold forsaking all adams and clorets for as long you live...No, she never loved jesus and yet there was a nearly religious fervor to her passion not to mention how the homeroom teacher had been seduced...well, why should i let it all stack up? I can have a stick after the kids are gone...and so began her own addiction. pretty soon she found herself with a pack a day habit on top of her nun's habit. I can see these two in some distant future as fast friends chewing it up an all you can chew stick snack bar perhaps in seattle. indeed, what purpose can a saviour have without a sinner...surely somewhere in that  all you can chew stick snack there will be a smile on either side and possibly salvation for the girl that never loved jesus. 




BRIM 80 or 84..The understanding of this truth is now, i realize, within me and maybe it was always there remaining so in order to find her and put up my own fight...I read that paragraph twice and thought it nice yet missed an and between her & put...How does one practice for slowness in the age of speed...a mystery i suppose...even now i typed how donoes instead of does one for thinking out all ready at practice and beyond for slowness is not my sensation...whatever. i wait for the end of the month and the new hearing and i give thanks to however i got that last page which could be the film and the anniversary and whatever beyond distractions compelled me to put place the two together...how i like it when a sentence is structured with that kind of love; The understanding of this truth is now, i realize, within me and maybe it was always there remaining so in order to find her and put up my own fight...today i wondered if could aqueeze in light as a little inner rhyme, but no indeed i will let it stand the way it wears itself. a dream of death wore me out, a matriarch a grandmother and she was being carried out of the front door...quickly followed by the echo of a distant pop song i haven't even played or heard all the way through in years...are the spirits commentizing on eternal recurrence...methinks not.  matilda had a cold i told her to keep her distance she said you don't cold i responded because i stay away from people and suddenly found myself fondling annette on stage who had a cold a went on to destroy the competition like gabi butler at worlds or haiz at the gala...i gallop into evening and there's rain the streets now wet nothing set except doubts and that delicious meal where i thought yes but these are only notes i'm taking like i'm not turning in my homework yet teacher...so i feel entitled to sketch a thing or even tell you about the plumber getting his pipe cleaned in the don't fuck my daughter dot com porn tape...what is the world coming to? ladies and gentlemen we must save ourselves to give children a goodly example they can follow and benefit from and my feeling has led me to start with doan and with siti right here from the godly mountain terrain of busan south korea.

74-78 brim -the news is always breaking yet never broken look bro book grow...in reality i suppose that it is at about half of what the numbers say like the weather it will change later when there is a chance to look edit back brokaw chief tom was an anchor in my dream news bob dylan puts me into a convertible that looks like a picture i took in a blur and i'm driving but can't see anything but the bright city lights in a haze in a daze i must be dreaming in south korea so cool the girls doing their makeup at a coffee shop before going to the dance hall alicia all in frankfurt ive got hot dogs from february last year and suddenly they send in the old dancer to blow my low parts i notice somehow as the ejaculation goes down the sink how distant it is from my self and get up to go through the i can't stand a man with overloaded testicles why don't you sign a release form or let me see how i can argue you into dementia....never broken the news breaking grow book look bro it's tumblin dice they want to burn the candle right down...doan and siti are famous like they wanted but it's a young type of thing where you pay for this but they give you that...it's a david fame what you need you have to borrow...back up vocals johnny...in the john i look in the mirror and feel i need to shave. the school girls sway as the bell has rung of course in the ravenite social club lounge time is only a theory...everything ethereal...i have experienced the ghost sensation in host dreams but like anybody halfway wise i don't talk about it too much besides box cutter machine wherever it is turns it all into music for somebody else to dream...gossamer is a word i have not used before so light as to send out light just like a cheerleader that is a flyer which will i sense be my next book look the breaking always news nothing is broken yet everyday i need to break in to my own inspiration or avoid the argument sensation...strange, strange and frantic oh my how i like that grace jones in what song...i have seen that face before...i've just seen a face i can't forget...i hope i never see that face outside of a dream...what's the frequency kenneth...theft frequency why then rank...tweet french thank shy queen...a day of silent drugs...he's standing there alone...hack then they frequent news...threaten sky quench few then i worry but only till the wonder of lust wears me in love...please someone give my regards to branagh...padded bra omg well don't worry girl little tits hardly sag i hear some boys wear the sock roll or quarters and yours are so quiet i could frequency breaking news lick into always the news is breaking we love... 

73 or 77 - i am the flamingo and they are the bleeding volcano live long and prosper y'all do look a bit like vulcans now then yes i have heard the mirror accusations i'm mirroring this or that in some copy cat sensation but like mailer i will worry about my ass in my own way now who or what isn't to some extent mirroring something if indeed it is the case...or should an artist not paint a landscape, i see you want nothing but self portraits? well, let us go empty most of the museums in the world! how frightful it is to have such a thought...i suspect mostly for wanting simplicity which i admit i also enjoy yet within my works i want something daring even if it is dreadful in places so as to not conform to nothing my own constant return to certain patterns or words included. i am the flamingo and she is the pool. some people! it's not a swim to float i find. to float is not swimming. when it gets awful for them they say well we knew this would happpen we knew you would do something like this in fact we planned it yes we planted it oh rly well lookit i  have never been commonplace. With woman's help I never will be false to myself and the new hole has given me its help. it has made me true-hearted, and I do not doubt the new hole. Now answer me another question. Is it possible that my dwarf should have the left over chicken? i ain't your dwarf, resounds from across the hall...done with the derrumba cha cha chat phone call i crawl into byron with susan's soul in search of my own but find only lust a flamingo's lust she is the vibrator. we tremble sweetly in the still of the early evening. in new york the large brown hindu arrives with erection pills  a cock ring and turtle soup. the brunette shuts her leg and he starts to bark at her it's racism you've been with the inkrealm and now you think you are too good for indian dick i will get a lawyer and put you in a lawsuit for discrimination. no it's not that it's the scent of spices, curry or paprika or something. you lie you know it's the soup look i brought everything we need now open your legs i only have an hour break from the newsstand or do you want  to  go to court. i only want my inkrealm it's not racism to have a preference here he left me a sex doll you can do it on that.... the sex doll is blonde and the hindu is mesmerized for he knew those plastic holes never had no bovine. before long the hour has passed wherein he could not decide which of the three holes to engage. out of danger and beyond lawsuits for failing to comply with aggressive sexual dark skinned sexual advances, the brunette netflixes into the evening. where she views i am the flamingo and she doesn't look anything like me. meanwhile in the ravenite social club lounge inkrealm looks to the bard, he seems to have seen better days, as who has not who has seen yesterday alike silvio no well i like silvio yes but always surprised by such reflections honest as the next jade rolling that stone...while thinking why on earth can't folks let each other be now if someone is calling me names well that is their problem not mine mine is creating art and to some extent defending it without defining it too much while freeing doan and siti oh how wonderful if they were here with me in south korea where i can hardly think for i am the flamingo and this one idea has enough space and time to include busan at least until the end of may later i will pray to santo flamingo and maybe everything will be as it should except for my comrade;s shoulder. i am the santo flamingo and she s the cat flight attendant. i am the satan flamingo and i know we all fell from the heavens at the same time somewhere at the end of world war two...i am the salvation flamingo at the end of history post war  television no channel three days ...  

BRIM 71 or 75  i been banging your sister so now we get to share time a timeshare who else what else where else The worst person I know, brother-in-law, brother-in-law they worries me so, brother-in-law, brother-in-law If they leaves us alone, we would have a happy home sent from down below...general franklin kirby wilson sporting goods tattoo woodrow I not only use all the brian that I have, but all that I can tony is this the story of the johnny rotten antichrist wants your manuscript if he's writing it belongs to the cucumbers that you for the podcast ricky sim i do notice these things but so much is going down well you know how it is but they seem to be casting for model drugs and if this indigestion clears up well you get my vote to boat as host the love it should be nothing like that ship obviously worst show ever not even quotes to look up look again the love boat..this is your captain speaking toenails...who i really love is kurt russell  especially when i sees him standing next to goldie hawn not the feral cat but the real deal hair roller hollywood holy oh my to think these people are over thirty years old wait i can't have a group marriage it would spoil the bloodline darn do you know how good you look even without me! salt in the salt lol in the lol i never even considered the fate of the furious the man inside my mother keeps talking destiny...dynasty...I love your desk. The tusks, they're so you....the malaysians they busted the poachers and sent me these...Why don't YOU sleep with him? I hear that's your specialty. And don't bother saying, "You"re fired, Miss Kendall" - because Miss Kendall just quit. so, no more pepsi ads how sad a lot of us liked the song...strange what the power of witchcraft can do...or the power of spanish but i like english and like jimmy said i'd rather gargle bleach and slide down a bannister of razor blades...gardner and stable man tony driscoll played by paul Some people say homosexuality is the consequence of overbearing mothers or distant fathers. I attribute my homosexuality to Alexis and Tony the stableboy well the homos have had it bad so here's a moment of respect for all the fallen cocksuckers dirt seems to be the big word in your vocabulary, sammy Jo you grew up on the road with racing cars and dirt you modeled through all those dirty magazines. you're covered in it hi i'm inkrealm and i'm looking for sooyoung. they told me i could find her here choi sooyoung yes from 38 revenue collection...

BRIM 72 or 76 he was looking at maybe only listening to tom and william talking about the painted word but he hasn't read that book well nobody has but like a lot of people he's read the reviews...i don't know how he does it, he's the only writer that can't write fiction or play a part other than the one he's been stereotyped into. i do say he keeps trying but it's an avalanche of fact finders even gaby's cousin that studied stats came around. gotta hand it to him, he got some balls to even consider a screening of commando as a documentary i'd hat to be in tampa this week well it was sort of funny funny thing is he doesn't really tell jokes it's all sort of true from some perspective  within his outlook which seemingly holds several characters and how nice of graves to come through for him with messalina...it's too bad there's so many punks and liars and users in his family not to mention the neighbors...otherwise he might not feel he has to interject the prose with news clips and unattributed quotes...what i like is his willingness to go all the way and marry doan and even siti in order to save them it really is a bizarre case...who do you think is trying to keep him from turning the tables on this thing...what is it two or three days now all this antagonism you'd think he was a criminal well you know what it is he knows from experience that funny only stays funny if it holds some sort of truth and he doesn't stray from that too much of course the hindus are up in arms over this manuscript and bringing up the head of a cow well i hope his travels don't take him to calcutta any time soon...what do you think? he has a point with north korea being the actual scapegoat as they do have more to lose than to gain over such an act and then to do it in a crowded place where the whole complex might have been compromised well it's reckless and if we study any hit it goes against any sort of logic you know at an airport there are cameras not that these were anything to brag about but everybody carries a smartphone and could could have started recording plus security agents and airline workers all possible witnesses now if it were us we'd go no not at the terminal there could be a kid walking by or a pregnant woman why risk that it's why pacino blew off the columbian's head in scarface and we know how that turned out say hello to my little friend right so positively not professionals or even concerned citizens i dunno i hope he doesn't decide to stay in south korea...could be he's tracking the real culprit however.

brim-pg61- i'm hunting wabbits why even without weapons does bugs get the best of elmer? 
these are the thoughts as i make my way through pus-bus ah!n  i kow it's busan but for so long it was pusan and to balance it all that is the then and now why not pusbusan all right all right busan. snow in the snow and nose in the nose and lol in the lol. there are so many pretty girls i want to have a group marriage. of course that doesn't mean i stop creeping on instagram no way. i'd say it's brains over brawn a bra in sober awning i say to ye now how i wroted the prime minister twice in words that reminded me of my amnesty international campaigns now they call you prince charming can't speak a word when you're full of ludes...i think he got the message as well as the second one with an inclination to help his image in the press being that even the justice department nominated him for an emmy in his role as ferdinand marcos, however, as of present the only statements have been over getting the BN over in the next election via cyber erections. i would have loved to play spin doctor if only to help set doan and siti free. if you don't like my morals i have another set somewhere...Daniyar  spent and surprised at  Nooryana's sensual enthusiasm reaches for the powerful multi speed 7.25" realistically veined vibrating dildo.  He had purchased the ritzy vibrator from his mother at the lawsuit price of one dollar. for no amount of dollars can i imagine or want to live through the side effects of doan's hanging. in the middle of insta creeping i catch myself thinking how many girls little and lovely and learning and leaning this way and that are also named doan and that is only on my side of the internet see there is the inland no net places of people yet either way oh hey doan hanged hell doan died well does it not create the opening for a ripple effect and even if only one other expires how should we shrug it off...chuck berry checkmate chuck barris what's up document. kiss had said once upon the seventies you gotta loose your mind in detroit rock city and it now seems that we don't even have to be in detroit to feel the insanity, kuala lumpur will suffice. michigan my apologies yet i'm sure y'all are intelletcual enough to understand highway 51 runs right by my baby's door meanwhile the big bopper saying well just put some bleachers out in the sun have it on highway 61... 

brim pg 62 -  they are going to sleep in moscow as i awake from a disturbed nap next to six o'clock in the evening it's midnight in sweden and some other places yet only three on the west coast...
i sigh wishing my stay in korea had not been so few minutes...in a dream im handed a cigarette that is no marlboro but the type that takes you down easy and i turn in within a white room the low ceiling fan and disco lights make wonder where i could be when suddenly some sort of jealous girl unstrings my guitar and slices a scratch across kim tae ri's face i stand and place my right hand over it soft and gentle as white clouds in some clear blue sky.  how i love the world and how i love the word yet what does it all mean or matter if a sham is going to shank two young ladies? exactly. it would then be near a love that is in vain even if some of the words remain those might be contaminated by the remnants of that groucho bitterness and not against the women of course but these men that seem intent on letting it happen. deals are going down all the time and here still in the early part of the manuscript i'm tempted to again define and defend this writing style's intention for i felt an especially oh look there that line is from... yeah but it's meant to be you pip-squeak i want to stay here...formed from 2 jacks in case inquiring minds want to know which in turn is an ad from a rad mag speaking of commercials don't miss danny's the last photograph ..in any case i have not ever come across a book which is its own story. all of them are based on or derived from or told to and yes if you think of it even the bible is quoting hey even without quotation marks in some cases say psalms and subsequent stories. now this does not mean i am advocating a free for all in terms of attribution although there is a lot of that now with all the piracy and lack of privacy we all experience every television set computer cell phone and several types of cars are equipped to scan it all play it all and then writers like me make a production out of it and call it my own...this idea i'd eagerly say it is mine yet obviously it is siti and doan's tale therefore my dedication. as for everything else, indeed a quasi creative attempt to hide myself from the misery type literature fans that want me to burn my detective barnstorm tape and manuscript and re-write it...who was that, annie, wilkes, a nurse, anubis looketh over my wilkins memory a child yet shot down and see to that assassin's torment. bast hold back my tears as i wait to hear the purring unfold when doan and siti are set free.  


BRIM 63 -  darkness in the underbelly there is it prolly happened if you can imagine it -- in there if you can imagine it darkness -- underbelly - At night when the streets of your cities and villages are silent and you think them deserted, they will throng with the returning hosts that once filled them and still love this beautiful land. The white man will never be alone. chief resident surgeon oh yes i see well no it won't grow more teeth to eat through your pants and start talking on the street that is if you want to leave it lodged in there of course like ainhum it will most likely autoamputate the choice is yours bright young man how many fingers am i holding up the front office pays your salary white man will never be alone throng with the returning hosts grabbing pussy as a man thinketh aren't those donations deductable from your income tax why casey settled out of court oh don't try to lock horns with me buster i'll try to arrange it that way permanently but in reality the vagina has no way of grabbing you see now remember it's both prescriptions for the gonorrhea a terrible thing to happen to a dictionary next time only look for applause not the standing ovation it sounds to me like the prime minister is willing to trade my good time bitches for some kind of romp with eva now i don't know about this i wroted and perhaps i should wait some but i have some sort of sense a type of awareness a fleck of a fishy feeling and how do i respond well i suppose i have you know the dead travel fast the answer comes before the question yet i cannot let it go for it being a life in the balance two times and the possible others with names the same in the cities in the towns...besides i'm the kind of man that is not looking to lend out his eva money...At night when the streets of your cities and villages are silent and you think them deserted...it occurs to me i cannot save them or anyone no i cannot say such a contrary to hope conclusion i need to contradict it occurs to me i can save us all myself included with a song so strong darkness won't underbelly and this beautiful land will be love's villages in town and cities everywhere even-whore or wore out sham to shaman shazam chasm who has em en oh peter pan let's fairy washington i cannot tell a liberty yet bell i literature's dish america even if the great novels are a russian lot to serve doan and siti wishing to sever the threatening rope with the hope that song so strong wherein i can't go wrong now what name will i give this groove or should i let it untitled move. 

58 -BRIM - postponed one month and seventeen days said they when presented with hey we have not got fair turnover of the evidence man not even the cctv tapes...twenty seven days already served...no salvation in sight...post pony...They ain't never seen no nigger on a horse before...Gentleman, you had my curiosity, now you have my attention. What are you trying to tell me, i can dodge bullets...Hey man, for twenty bucks, I'll take you to a Ku Klux Klan cook out...I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side -Stayin' alive was no jive -Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man -So then we moved to Shaolin land I came to bring the pain hardcore from the brain -Let's go inside my astral plane -Find out my mental, based on instrumental Records hey, so I can write monumental Methods, I'm not the King -But niggas is decaf I stick em for the CREAM - Not this time. Not this fucking time. No. No no no no no no no no no! No! No no no no no no no no no no no no no! No! Not this fucking time! No fucking way! No fucking way, no fucking way, no fucking way! You've made me look a right cunt open now slavery market in lybia detroit free press dao passenger gets a second helping of humiliation doctor dragged off the plane the plane boss the plane a disturbed past oh i know hold a press conference right on the take news corboy and demetrio greedy ass bastards made a bus explode 45th and lexington  800 million overnight airline deficit Are you with me Doctor Wu -Are you really just a shadow -Of the man that I once knew? sepang court complex...SCC, is a Virginia regulatory agency whose authority encompasses utilities, insurance, state-chartered financial institutions, securities, retail franchising, and railroads...I was halfway crucified I was on the other side Of no tomorrow You walked in And my life began again the hang sen index  Opens 24,173.42 goes to a  24,378.38 high market cap with a yield of 24,158.16...the age demanded a grimace of its acceleration...The SCC Show on 93.7 Express FM: Jekyl and D Dott bring you the finest UK Hardcore around... Now I don't know if they're wanting me for a twosome or something, I don't know how they work it. But I'll tell you what, it scared me. I was shaking like a leaf, so without thinking I lit up a cigarette to calm me nerves when a 21,000-pound - also known as the Mother of All Bombs or MOAB - explosive was dropped around the Nangarhar province. i don't want to pay more money for plane tickets!

BRIM - PG 59 - ann says we's not aspossed to be involved in the outside world, this is the apprentice speaking proceed with authentication - james  said that obiden killed more negroes in illinois than the whole vietnam war - wait didn't we recently seriously...well, ok if you really need to give spicer another round with the reporters ready to commence authentication sir; zulu tango echo seven niner juliette xray sierra major seven minor charlie whiskey five six tango, authentication codes confirmed...suddenly boom somebody stop this slam dunk war stuff i dare say don;t they know i gotta manuscript going on here! london fog over coat dream there's the room a man i have seen in passing possibly at the supermarket points at it something red, i near knowing not why and it is some stray piece of ground beef. i get up feeling i still haven't slept but i am horny to hear about the court appearance but my lust is slayed erm waylaid by the talk of postponement what is that like a rain delay the ground crew covering the outfield is this baseball adios ballhaus that was some fine cinematography but of course a man from germany...some of my plates are labeled haus others real china pearl do you mean they ate eachother up...Kristy came second in Miss Colorado Teen USA 2012 but the hair in that sex tape oh my...now the current Karlie opened up to us about her magical prom, sharing that “something about prom makes a girl feel so special... When you've got a daughter you're worried about every penis, when you've got a son, you're just worried about one...prudish townsfolk have covered up a giant statue of one after stiff opposition from local Christians...Kanamara Matsuri kawasaki mikoshi mexico city metro seat penis...It’s uncomfortable to sit here, but that’s nothing compared to the sexual violence suffered by women on their commute...it's possible that even doan and siti are not safe from it in their cells now then does this mean i go on work in progress hiatus or not...well. if i do i'd like to at least partly agree with groucho that wasteland is pretty much that poet's word except later when the who won it over with the prefix teenage now i feel pretty much the same over "twitter" no where in popular MODERN writing i've seen and i've seen plenty is the word twittering to be found and i say this from admiration of her work yes it's only an expansion of fb what's on your mind but the title of anything is important and if it was indeed taken from her well come on at least come clean yeah i seen the brit broad corp claim it was from another source i ain't no rube and tho they are oft right in that they is wrong. as wrong as this headline from live science;  How a Whale Penis Came to the Explorers Club!  or to think of it someone named cummings filming DOA from behind -cap letters mine for pun effect-  when skies are hanged and oceans drowned, the single secret will still be man - my dear doan and siti if i take a breather i will still be bound to bring it all back here now let's hope they find these double deaqling grease balls from the hermit kingdom.  
 




brim pg 33 - korean style april song for kim tae ri 

darkness and starless the sky set
of a cloud hid moon half started the rain wet
i raced in hunting truth net
she settles my leaving thoughts yet
living dreams thunder filled lightning turns free
pink red dirt saunters green south grass hill oak tree
as the words end one ending you one ending me 
sending Indistiguishability our immortality 
is sending love unending see
Till my waking hears her flaws my own bending knee
blood soaked the world yet endures drowning
silent even back then when we'd not met this kiss resounding 

brim pg 34 - Later in the looking there came to be something of a motion in the writer's thoughts. A motion, no a commotion. Let us call it confusion. Words, some will insist have two meanings yet for many of us there are more than two. You might pause to wonder. The writer will say pink. For pink is so many a thing that it could well be its own book. That is, if like the writer you like words. 
The writer liked words. Nay, he loved them but he was always surrounded from his earliest times by those that did not like words. Toto and so being early violent experiences, ain't and y'all being school house sensations. Panorma and folk being more grown up stop signs. 
There are worse things and there are the difficulties of translation. He started to contemplate the latter, especially now given that he was in fact trying to build a record, a recording for two women from the far east. He pauses to wonder. They could be any women anywhere. No one else seemed to gie this a second thought. 
Everyday, after untangling himself from the limit of surrounding, haunting, insisting spanish and starting to pen past the speed limits into that sound of lightness which made him feel beyond space and time and even sex, yes everyday he rushed in where angels fear to...
Yet, he asked himself if he had not gone too much into the escape with the music of drollness. A few times, he had spent many a good minute unable to contain his glee. That is, he giggled or as one might have heard him in school days, he cackled. To know him, you would know that although he was often swift with a one-liner it was not his ideal or even his idea. The goofballing as it were was simply a natural reaction to pain, his pain. The insanity that is this post-modern end of history city light twenty four hour news romp which people take for normality which they fake through or shake through in fear because way down where it counts they all know no revolution is coming that has not already caved in on itself. That and the strain of the harsh lonesome heaven he hurridly tried to hold for himself even while reaching out for a hand to hold. 
Yes, within he was a bundle of bliss a billion dollars of rapture. His very own ecstasy pill, but to bring it out in nonchalance for the sorry haters and such well it might be to his own downfall, he reckoned. And so, he paused like dylan and ginsberg meeting the beatles in 65 entirely at a loss for which direction to breathe into except for the always stoned baudelaire roads. wouldn't you?  

 pg 35 -Her hole was worse in health, was throbbing fast, and the inky man was again there. And in these moments the poodle was with her, busy in the deciphering girl's room; and there were gentle kind words spoken between inky and her hole--as would be natural between such friends at such a time. He knew that he had been a traitor, and the thought of this treachery was heavy at his heart for she had put herself on the line with her clan to vouch for him and after the bloodlust and rightousness and the pee wars earlier in the decade his remorse could not let him stay even if there was love involved; but he perceived that no immediate conversation was to come up and please her for he had given his all to the other side to that truth which cannot be denied even if the history is always manipulated and it was a little solace to him that he could be now what was opposite to what he had always wanted which meant that in the future he could be anything or even nothing at all.  gentle and tender michael J anderson was there too. And , though she knew that the midget had given his aid in destroying her, settled with him not only without any hard words, but almost without the severe thought of castration or croaking and the inky man thought how strange life could be. What did it matter what such a one as the inky man could do? if he could be there in the  time of her hole's need. In the middle witching of that night the hole let out what seemed to be everything it held, and she was alone in the world. As the flood rose, indeed, even the poodle left the room and it along with michael j anderson and the inky man wandered in the apartment, and took from her pantry the mop charge of the bed and environs at which now her hole could no longer squirt. early in the morning, while it was yet dark, farah ottalux came down, and spoke words to her, of which she remembered nothing except for love. of course, in her spell she could not decide if she had said who the inky man loved. 

pg-36 - I used to be always writing dreams until satan said at my grand-constance place, Tierra negra, my little gay home in the vista, in or about bella when the one-eyed dog gave anal tongue and they coursing policemen continually came and they supermarket at the leash. Tip- bell for a good mother! hub! Bub! hub! Follow me up Twitter! This's the place for the trending trial, Poll, and gif County stolen from mark facebook z . I never knew how rich he was like another story in where i keep looking for julia hahn my totem love only to find the american counterpart the zone of the z, stealing and snitching, carrying my knife, More and more fake tampa days to deal with, ass withumpronouceable rikers tail, along the story oh doan oh siti where are you real or really. Do you know my cousin, Mr wannabe the owner of me that keeps the uncles on the Mountain, the farm's gone, fbi of the lie, Whateveryournameis won't you come and find me?hood and I good. The wolves of trump! By Whydoyou-callme sing how much do these elite chinese own? Do not steve flingamejig bannon out even before you arrive massa!plantation usa atm that's a good wan right enough! no glot clum fliday laundry tikee pleeese One moment now, if I foreskin shorten the loss on your breather. roach me jew spells erosion. Dat harry dandy danced turnstone french fries sugur us where, how and when ride as to lightning of school, fussy muslim of sandy dune and camel of stance. But, since you invocate the spirits for the two of vixens, I would like to send a truth around this blue lagoon. not the movie Tell me now this if you don't know are ye of guilt??? You told my larned friend rather penisly, a moment since, about this mound i borrow. Now I suggest to you that curves here was this plague-even the mind's not sacred thought, as you seem to call it mental, there was a mentos there was a batman, the boat of millions of africa sunk.  Would you bear me out in that, relatively speaking, with her jackrabbit jerking at her panties in the rv she ladders happy climb, who hot, and sizing a fair semen, knowest thout the kind? The deep blue dream, bound for blocked, that master held away,Web says, our pepsi that ne're returned. The Frenchman, I say,was in on it. He is a fraud. vote le pen. You see him. The both how 31 zombie you see is kotter! welcome back Selena it or ate it? What! you love the haiz 13 reasons not how they talk rather how they won't will not - Spake - although they will take!!!Couch, courage, ring we are the barrow gang, even this joyous remaking. Beseek the runes i even promise to see the french connection all the way through hey jimmy did you like my holden gair cover over there a pint on me we will play again i hope you like this riff too but here cometh avocado again and help me robert graves like you done bofore see the longing of a true poet! i don't i won't rise i never will and still i doan and siti Allman brothers of blood there's no way i just can't go out that door away when you hear the gang-horn why bit me in the ass. And meet hosni. Ess Ess. GIS id O ess. this weekend oh yes i guess it would bless me to bring along marilyn  manson no mess kicking not five john the devil knows our name oh let me dream again american witch ms hungerford i also thank in chess nabakov tank st petersburg i used to writing always dream...

brim -15 - looking for results in english? you mean there are other languages aside from spanish?
pureablue public restroom romtec  toilet facility improve the experience of both those who operate the facilities builders surplus - create alert - real art is paying off the democrats to help establish a third sex, i tell you you get our stock now and you won't regret it i mean imagine the millions of trillions that will come in when all the two rest room places are federal lawed into three satellite industries! elite eagle sky blue berkley vanderbilt we will build this transgender thing hell it might even create a real third american party - no no it will happen we had eight years of pure let them be homo hard ons and after we get rid of these red state wankers we might even go international hey jeff see if we can't get someone on my toilets for cows in india idea remember the hashtag if they are holy their poo should be too in pingla and even on prafulla sarkar street yessir natures call call ahead the wealthy don't spend much time in PUBLIC toilets - irrespective of their cost - remember we are making this for morons that vote for spending... Mr Stonehouse is a heavy metal music fan. Black Sabbath is my all time favourite, I had the chance to see them live last year, he said. I had back stage access and met Ozzy Osbourne in person ...i find your lack of quotation marks disturbing. years ago i found this "___" it was by an artist and i put it up like read my lips ronald next thing you know it's everywhere without attribution so i figure this is what the world wants less puntucation now putin he knows who said what but he also knows the spin will spoon into a pint of ice cream on the other side of the isle hey hand it to the man i would wouldn't you push push in the bush you know i will take some of that third sex construction stock A spokesman for the Liberal Democrats said the party was looking forward to spreading its message of limited government, lower taxes and more individual freedom someone's always playing corporation games who cares they're always changing corporation names we just want to dance here, someone stole the stage they call us irresponsible, write us off the page!  katie clubb these were lyrics when I first came to town they called me the roving jewel now they've changed their tune call me Katie Cruel the dalton girl reminds me we did it in the restroom  and i got then the tattoo after you that erection on 89th street  we are building for more ink did you really talk to hosni m...mmmhh...i don't do drugs i am drugs, it was poetry under a coup de internet - i wish you would come over but if those nightingale wenches roadblock you again on the way we can meet at the hotel motel holiday in cambodia look inkrealm the body has left malaysia!

brim-16 Malaysia releases body of Kim Jong-nam I cannot remember whether I had stopped wearing pajamas to bed by this age, but down south no one bothered with them in the summertime anyway and allow North Koreans to depart, as Pyongyang frees Malaysians in return bending down his head collided with K. Thwaack! The sound of a hammer striking a coconut. I had a deep personal concern about this matter, and we worked intensively behind the scenes to achieve this successful outcome, Najib said. There were several pieces of paperwork, each folded so they had to be straightened to read. Many challenges were overcome to ensure the return of our fellow Malaysians. The safety and security of our citizens will always be my first priority - Is this because you resent having to haul my ass around. Gee I could have caught the bus. You didn't have to buy me a car The public poisoning of Kim, which took place amid crowds of travelers in the budget terminal at Kuala Lumpur's airport since he had already wet the bed I thought I would like to pee on him as well on Feb. 13, has prompted speculation that North Korea dispatched a hit squad to assassinate its leader's estranged older brother. He slowly extended his frame and lay on his back. He continued to hold his balls. Certain that if he released them the nauseating pain would return It is expected that Jong-nam’s remains will be flown to Beijing via the Malaysian Airlines (MAS) flight MH360, said to be departing at 6pm today k's searching hand made contact with the wet end of W's engorged cock. His palm cupping the cockhead, his fingers played along the shaft seeking a purchase A Toyota Hiace van, understood to be carrying the remains of Jong-nam, was seen entering the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) Cargo Complex here at 2.47pm  He could feel that hot hole clinging to his cock on the out stroke. That same tight fiery ring fighting every millimeter when he was penetrating The vehicle was spotted passing through a security check at the entrance before making its way to the cargo division...

BRIM 227

i bims i brims i brainbox...i bims therefore i brim...elena's maldives vacation had made the news for being so varsity as the united states navy apologised for a cock in the sky...smoke penis cigarettes the vagina puffed...of course i thought about brooke but later when i was engaged in a laser gun fight in the spaceship light years away it struck me that it had been the isp provider or some app browsing through the sd card in one of my mobile devices...the enemy was cornered and even the pipeline in north dakota busted but they had a cloaking reflector which when ignited looked sort of like what photographers in the previous century called negatives except not so much tan but rather  straight colorless features...i got up from the dream feeling i'd been in some star wars or trek scene but i knew like in contact that i'd been places and i could still hear the voice speaking of the data breach even as my imagination reached into movie scenes...why'd it have to be snakes...going back to sleep was an awful time in regaining my dream balance and i suppose it happens when one goes up into space...conversations crowded me until i got up in the early morning korean hours...i have for a while tried to face the true nature of identity, i figure even with all the faces it must still exist at least in the more civilized cities...of course, there's a greater number of folks who don't wish or want to be identified...the day after i posted the apostle's ending the poster of jesus sprung off the wall and hit the ground as i neared...make of that what you will or did bill go camping again...he's real and so is the other guy...yet how do i get so american...that either or practice...and what is this new devilish term i keep hearing...the deep state...from the news you'd think it was the creep state...november criminals yes but no i mean look sofia as the ad said once you pop you can't stop...anybody else would've been like kevin dead oh well even more reason to not leave the bed...but whatever one day we'll write a two hour script, but not tonight...i'm going to sit back and wait for the trial but first a bit of porn logic from a source i'm not wholly sure about for being chinese and so going against my favorite theory in that type of cover my ass writing that is often employed yet i can't discard certain aspects of the lines...cover story cover girl...heard it in a love song...
i wish my name were marshall tucker but then i would've prolly been called marsha in school...
the marsh is a type of land like the area between the butthole and the vagina...what's the answer, julie? teacher are you trying to kill me, he responds...julie's in the drug squad...the clash gonna give em enough rope the music is playing i'll be complete in the next page note after i digest this cocaine beer curio breakfast fear of beef jerky contradiction.


BRIM 228 -All right seriously, let's get to that report...but first, the cop E right notice from yesterday's ass oh sated press; it said material may not be published/ broadcast/ rewritten/ or redistributed...yet it was "published" unlike our thoughts or it's a good thing that shit don't fly out the butt like when you sneeze...i take a stand...are they saying that a screen shot posted would be illegal or at least liable to litigation? do i now have to worry about this as well as downloading activity...what else can they get me for? the mop...yeah only wishful thinking even if some of them did get floored...all right, well someone please tell me if it means that press source really wants not to be seen outside of payoff venues...it's confusing especially when they use the line rewritten for the only thing a lot of hacks do is re-write stories...now shakespeare weren't no hack but even his greatest works are historical rewrites, no? so, what does that mean? asking for a friend...

Now to the main matter, about that chinese article: it claims the real target is the apprentice one!
Kim Jong Nam as a staged murder for the unconstitutional removal of an elected official...

In creating that chaos and pointing to North Korea, they cause the world to fall in line with a propaganda that can only lead to some sort of war or at the very least sanctions which will leave a trail of resentment.  The author makes no bones over it being disgruntled agents of american and south korean intelligence. I found it interesting that the thinking falls in line nearly to exactitude with the words Kim Jong Un had spoken.

This theory was written in March and I had somehow missed it...Even then it questioned why feminists were not lining up to defend Doan and Siti.  In any case, there seems to have been, as with Kennedy when he tried to dismantle the conflict in Vietnam, a move to reconcile and even befriend the DPRK by the new American government which was seen as a threat by certain elements and to derail the proceedings well why not take out a north korean right where we got them by the balls najib for beng so corrupt and who is going to remember the las vegas sting and high roller story when we shoot up the town...hell the apprentice one won't even think twice about leaving pyongnang as it was or worse...

He don't care about the agency well we will get ourselves another head of state, make sure they throw in how much the secret service is spending on this crew...

Perhaps, more interesting, is the reported interview with Ri which is purported to have taken place in south korea after his release...He said it was all a conspiracy against the honor of the DPRK, he was offered a safe and comfortable future but also told his family were being held until he confessed which he didn't and thus they lost their fall guy scapegoat who might actually not even be experinced as a chemist but we won't know for sure since obviously investigative journalism is a thing of the past...possibly murdered by gerardo, you are a mass murdering dog...

Howl over it you might but do not get too high on the happenstance; i still don't fact it...i still, as much as i want to go to hunan restaurants in beijing, sense that the other theory holds something that feels like the truth.  Orwell, power corrupts and they not only have it they also have millions of lives to spare now it seems even on another continent. 

There you have it, by jings, it's enough to make even a gambler hold on to his money.

BRIM 226  The stone washed blue gloaming dusk gave way to evening's darkness and the stuttering whisper of rain. Wet asphalt gleaming under the city's glimmer and moistened earth in silent swallows along the countryside. The beach sands wondering as they always do when it pours if in fact the skies were waging war against the ocean...

From my hotel window view, I could not see city, country, or seaside for the adjacent edifice under constructions as enormous as a drive in b-movie monster...

The French had sent the new vintage of Beajolais and after about half a bottle my thoughts were free from the invisible dancing dot which parts of the media put place over the sing along stories we are bound to spot...

This year it happens to be illicit carnal knowledge or abuse, last year it was death and in some ways I suppose that it is an improvement...I did notice one anomaly and that was a report detailing the dealings between the chinese empire and the zimbabwe dictatorship...Look up the meeting on the tenth of this month and it will hint at who is really in control of what...

I mention this because it serves as a good lead in to these paragraphs which possibly won't position themselves until the trial resumes that is the kim jong nam case...Yesterday the court announced it was taking a break, elsewhere reported as time needed for the lawyers to review notes which the lead witness (who alike Joni mitchell and Woodstock) was not even present but instead studied the video as you or I might American Horror Story of course with that you will find that wild shot of Jessica Lange from Coven holding herself in a hand mirror with a lunar landscape carved on the opposite side as if to flesh out a line from the Book of Shadows...i who am the beauty of the green earth and the white moon...Now as to what hidden poetry might be in an airport cctv...well...here we are with the waiting stretched out before us like this four more days this month and no days in december until it turns to january with a possible conclusion in march which some are terming "the second quarter"...

Midnight nears and aside from the natural frustration of the imposed postponement I am left with the vexation that taxes like worry over the condition of Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah to which I might add her son Rio being that Farah Ottolux is thirty seven weeks pregnant and that has given me pause to consider the extent of the wonder that is woman and what only she is able to create. 

Children. That is, the future itself. A fiction to some, the blurry reality of a writer's life yet without much contemplation anyone will easily evaluate that what counts perhaps even more than the cultural level is what is in the mind just like beauty in the proverbial eye of the beholder.

Announced and vilified in terms of monsters in an x-rated execution these "assassins" partied before the dirty deed et cetera a trial without jury in the yellow press highway hungry for a hanging of any sort...I wonder, all this talk of taking back the workplace and semi-feminist propaganda yet no woman in the western world has denounced the unfair capture and ongoing detainment of Doan and Siti...Am I the only one that sees the rape of character, the villification of their persona and along with their character and persona is it not all women as well?  All the grabbing back pink pussy hats and burned bras and all the progress in equal pay and corporate position is meaningless if we live in a world where obviously innocent women can be railroaded without a riot taking place against it in protest. 

Make no mistake, most if not all of these men being unmasked are at the same time swimming in the sensation of free publicity which will become a blip in history pages and now so overwhelming that each new bulletin becomes as meaningful as the weather as other pressing events go under the radar and might even threaten to destroy the very planet we, well some of us, seek to protect not to mention the thoughtless delay in this trial which does no service in the name of justice for Doan and Siti.  



BRIM 224  --15 november roughneen in the los angeles times...rough hew, the play is the thing and thus i am bid to scan the document. what does one notice simon says; after brazen poisoning of North Korean leader's half brother, trial unfolds in Malaysian courtroom...two things ; not A poisoning and not THE poisoning then ending the title with room instead of the easier court?  below that, a silent ungrainy film clip of a minute and forty five seconds...images with overlay explanations wheeled out in silence except for the screaming insinuation that kim jong un had a part to play even as the video demonstrates that the DPRK had a lot more to lose. simon says they are both wearing head scarves and tells us that one of them was twirling her hands in that italian style one might encounter especially in the south of what remains of the center of the roman empire...

He doesn't which one but he does say they have been on trial since the second of october which is not true as we know they have held hearings before october and both have been detained since february 15th...Next there is a claim that the cctv footage aired on tv around the world which albeit possible is highly unlikely given the lack of interest we have witnessed thus far in the trial. The article goes on to recount briefly the early days of the stand off between NK & Msia...There is no new information here until we learn that they are not wearing the bullet proof vests while in court or if we must forsake brevity courtroom...

The end of the story describes the police escort procedure which we already know about to some extent and then the newspaper in a strange twist exclaims simon says as a special correspondent with shashank bengali contributing to the report i suppose to cover any future corrections...

It seems no one has taken up their investigative skills to sculpture something about my chinese connection theory even after uncovering four notable yellow ones gone precisely a year before the hit on kim jong nam...hmm...

Meanwhile in the malaysian hall of justice they were going on and on about some piece of clothing and how it was cut and how someone didn't feel well for a week after touching it...but nothing really interesting...i am unhappy to report.  ps, when the los angeles times tells it the film was grainy they mean it was undecipherable as when you try to make out the eye color of someone across the street from within a swift moving train or tinted window bus. oh busan how i had missed you!

BRIM 225 - the following is already part of the manuscript and may be found on the section numbered 203 - it is reprinted here in order to demonstrate that all the points are still valid and that the prosecution cannot even face a single one for well they know it would mean instant mistrial! 

some of the reasons for reasonable doubt dismissal-acquittal of the vietnamese doan thi huong and the indonesian siti aisyah :1. the passport which "disintegrated" while under police custody according to one report and mailed to north korea in a second account in which the questionable officers made a copy. 2. NO REAL MOTIVE. 3. among the items not returned when requested; $$$ meaning how can we believe anything malaysian authorities claim. 4. both the prosecution and the witnesses admit there are other suspects. 5. doan and siti did not wear masks which is a common practice in the asian lands as obviously they thought they were performing...6. guards in kuala lumpur preventing photo ops and the argument would be protection yet they could allow a few with press credentials a few seconds to snap a picture easily. 7. the judge allows a live feed as the trial moves onto the lab and then the airport indicating a reticence to allow reporters access. 8. the taxi attendant claims he did not see them at all and thus far no taxi driver available to interrogate over their "escape" from the scene of the crime. 9. why drive a sedated and seemingly tranquil patient from the airport clinic to the medical center??? and how on earth did they happen to have the antidote on hand??? along with this note that at no time was klia2 shut down following the incident, there was a "sweep" with men in space suits perhaps only for pictures...10. how could the medical team have know to administer the antidote, there is no other reported case in kuala lumpur or malaysia for any attending doctor to guess with precision that it was VX!!! think about, blurry eyes, sweat, something applied on his face or neck...that is all they had to go on, having studied some medicine one could only conjure a allergic reation, perhaps exhaustion, mild heart attack or stroke but to jump to a weapon of mass destruction in a matter of minutes well...11. as implied previously the clinic behaviour was odd. 12. brace yourselves here's the big one, WMD VX NOT HARMFUL TO HAND. post-script, if you were locked up for months and suddenly found yourself in another setting with crowds of people curious about you it might give you pause or cause to grin maybe smile or even omg yes lol.  

post-script, if i were to update the reasons list for today i would add the alledged hand whirling in court while they were speaking with their defense team that is if you were locked up for a while and suddenly gladly found yourself in a the partial setting of near freedom with countrymen that were there to help you well you too might throw your hands up in the air and wave them like you just don't care to get rap music jiggly about it if you catch my meaning.

breaking news the notorious nfo and his lil bronco west coast nine is going on a six day concert tour including botswana, madagascar, namibia, nigeria, rwanda, sierra leone, and south africa!  two hundred dollar foot locker vouchers will be honored. 

BRIM 222 -Dream stage I'm goofing with Marilyn not even thinking he might kick me like John Five, I guess some folks simply get along and so Manson and me there we are in a sort of blizzard of lights and swirling movement...what doe it mean...all I know is he got a new track called killed for me...i count backwards all the people i've wanted to murder...forgive me faggot for i have sucked on that clitoris...the number rises with these neighbors...what does that make me? the paranoid is in possession of all the facts...

Dear readers and hopefully some understanding editor at a respectable punlishing house; i realize that mostly i have not taken into consideration many aspects that make for a good story no not even spelling see publishing and sometimes punctuation but it is this very hazy frenzy which intends to escape manipulation and construct perhaps some sort of style unseen in the books of what is now the wide and scattered category of literature. In any case, i still maintain that the intention is pure and if not always poetic it contains enough elements to make it not only wirthwhile but explosive. I will, however, in what might the concluding pages, try to not throw too many curves at the catching readers. 

Rye...seed of cereal grass...Ri it rhymes with Xi maybe...how did i get here? Delancy or is it delancey...i kept thinking of it after getting up at two forty five in the morning korean time...is it a subway stop in the crumbling manhattan town...deli prefix of delirious...but i'd call it plain old stupidity...still why not stumble into dumb shadows when you know they sent out a let's see if this will kill him phrase as well as a fuck me inky female doctor i mean what the fuck? 

No, you will never use the name Hassan Sabbah insect people crab people...i quote the scripture gaga, cause i'm a free bitch...walk walk fashion...willy mean ah...you get to college and still can't spell prerogative...you graduate and know nothing...the know nothings were a political organization...american...the problem is as donovan said they want you down in the same hole that they are in...they judge you by what they see in themselves...you retire and your pet is on a better diet than you are...

When are we going to stop and see the truth, seed the earth, seduce a real future for us all? I say we can start by releasing Doan Thi Huong and Siti Aisyah even if one or both of them have already been executed and replaced by stand-ins. Have you seen the picture photographs? Step up puppets...go hang a salami i'm a lasagna hog...

Of course, the real question might be why all these gangsta rappers ain't never touring africa?


BRIM 223 - I'm sure the film crew could give those fly infested children a sandwich....february 963 xiao wen the empress passed away posthumously named zhangde and jing'an...mister tambourine man in the jingle jangle morning i make love to bijou and she tells me what if even after all this time you are looking at it the wrong way...you mean like all those people still voting for democrats...hmm...i groove to the numbers...it was the 13th of february well then if not payback for having to float the flabby man then perhaps it was an anniversary hit to return fire from a previous time...rhymes with last year...february 2016...holy fucking bloodbath...one february Li Xiuren, a politician...twelve february Yan Su, a writer...twenty february Xie Jialin, a physicist (the study of matter and energy which still does not tell us what it is to be a physicist), twenty one february Chu Qing, a bureaucrat and with that four notable chinese...hence possibly all the talk of four in this case, no? well there is a fifth, zeng xuelin on eleven february but that one was born in thailand...all right, so somebody in the asian underground assassin group got it in their head to off Xi and we know that a killing might be performed without being present just like Brim has murdered a little bit of your boredom...well the chinks figured we will slice off a bit of the north korean bloodline and later pretend to protect his boy...who you trying to get crazy with esse don't you know i'm loco...at the same time judge scalia...we will hit a gringo justice just in case it was the nsa...we are chinese and we rule the world...pinky and the fucking brain...these pigs wanna blow my house down...cherry on top? harper lee author of to mill a kockingbird...i will let trump win but i want that ivanka pussy...somebody wroted about me, enshrine the thought now...direct the gates robot to let that writer know we have fifty million on his ah liz hammer we don't care what ms taylor left him anyway she was english and the queen is going down ninety miles an hour down a dead end road...bugger the queen...iko iko my grandmother sitting by the fire gonna set your house on fire...fire walk with me...stand and deliver for the devil he might take you...skiddoo twenty three who do you love brim 223 yet here i am in prison with the ball and chain all in a jealous rage the spoon talking to ann instead of me... 

 BRIM 221 This is the type of literary prose lapse that will get you bad reviews. I mean i'm supposed to be the wifey and farah should well she could stay with michael...You need to re-read it all before you can conclude anyway...she could stay with him and the poodle.

Look, i'm having one of those days. People are surrounding the scenery like they wants to glue themselves onto others. there might be zombies and the girl in my dream oh dear me it was like slavery she worked me so hard well sweeter than slavery like when folks sell their forever souls of course there might be thralldom in the after life after all it is based on a hierarchy where was i oh yes i got up in a sugary fear of her flesh...i mean i been on bicycles and even mountain cycles but this was as dope as grade school big wheels...i collected myself and went back to see what more homework there might be in my dreams but found myself in a music store which for some reason had my compact disc container...i start explaining how those are mine and i can see them scattered against the ordered neatness....there's a corpulent man and he looks to be the manager or something along those lines and i concentrate on getting my cds back from him but he's intent on grabbing a bite and does so while hopping down a long flight of stairs as i follow bewildered by the bouncing...

Before i continue, i need to know if the democrats are paying you like they are the newspapers? 
ever see anything like it? in between the year of celebrity deaths and the year of sexual accusations we have the pantsuit secretary of state saint  clinton and the groping obiden for gay rights 44 paragon of mass hypnosis...you can't even get into the latin grammys without first denouncing one of the trumps...kuala lumps look as long as somebody puts it up in real lights i will hump you and consider your proposal but first let me see how many more people get accused of fondling others...

i should have gone into publicity years ago...those agencies are bound to make a fortune on these distracting gossip tales...good grief i wonder what the hole would have said about me...it's true and he's a sex addict even in the day time oh but please don't call me the hole i like to be known as the aperture...and what would i say...it was wrong to eat her panties without asking no no deny deny and having denied i will continue my life as far away from holes excuse me apertures as possible.

one day and it won't be long now...farah ottolux reveals i had to stop breastfeeding your baby because it was fondling my free tit...

these tits is your tits these tits is my tits these tits were made for you and eye...exactly maybe you should stop singing that to our offspring. 

BRIM 222 has the circus left town? are the silk blue shirts in the skilled hands laundromat professionals? good then i will now leave russia and return to the south...south korea...and i want a red carpet i mean if xi and his swollen from masturbation right hand can get one in vietnam even while trying to take the sea well why shouldn't i get one after all it might help to digest the underwear...problem is one look at them and i don't ever want to leave...

it's a mystery, she's a village!  go to pork.we can get away from either side where off has not choice. i'm getting a question. my dream comes out of her dream so i don't even want to sleep where i thought i had an idea but it was beard; should we disappear i mean shave, jinnworld where in the world...

i could get trump, now that he has been serenaded, to mediate, but the liberals would crucify me...
down in texas a man carried a wood cross along the lonesome highway in remembrance of  the babtist church...

she says she ate her brother and i'm thinking if only i could eat my sister...of course she prolly means some sort of candy bar but for me well thanksgiving is around the corner...

passport number 745320046 and the cop did not know if he went in or out...of malaysia not my sister...i dare say, you can't blame the bloke, he did have all that money count aside from the worry that it might be tainted with vx...oh let's keep it anyway, i'm sure that sort thing wears off with time you know it's safe for the hands...

to buy soft noodles yes i'm not sure i'm not sure i have already answered this i agree the payment was done in cash...

i keep my eyes wide open all the time...because you're mine i walk the line...

meanwhile as the spoon clears her schedule for the second coming of big little, kim jong un is done with his tantrum at not being included into the processions of political asia...maybe they thought i was going to wear one of my coats, i has blue silk shirt, i even has the blue suede shoes...can't they see how it hurts and oh why call the trumpet old well why leave me out while you dance with the duerte damn i can sing even carry a song why i bet if putin and me did a duet it would top the charts...

has the apprentice one landed? last day on the job jenee12!  what the hell are soft noodles and why do they call a cell a handphone it sounds like some model's nightmare sex position all right now turn this way and give me a handphone yes just like that keep going it's bound to ring any second now...

quick karen we can't be in here, you know how batman gets when he returns from a trip and finds anything in the wrong place...oh great next thing i will have to start calling you boywonder...sticks and stones, karen but wasn't i wonderful in texas - oh you were magnificent and here i was certain that what i'd remember most this year  was the wedding but your speech in the sutherland vigil well oh wait was the enemies list in the top drawer or next to the batphone...

will the court declare a mistrial? does inky have enough left to complete this manuscript? the answer to these and other live feed mysteries when the inkrealm returns!!! 


BRIM 218

I've come, after the delirious sensation of gathering notes -none of them yet certain of inclusion- and researching facts for BRIM, to love it even as it is...Here's when it happened, i am happily pleased to report unrelated to any of the pornographic passages, at this early morning Malaysian hour when i imagine Doan and Siti being saddled into the ride from jail house to court room as i looked over the last few pages and lingered on the Muslim cry for havoc which you might easily find on any militant message board and urges the faithful to ride into the end of the world which as it impossibly turns out i had just witnessed via the film everybody said was nothing but i said i will take my chances for cusack and found something there in singularity which in turn made this paragraph. 

Sadly, people are the problem within what could be a perfect planet as Anne might put place it people and their plastic toothbrushes...

To recall an early riposte over a blue or purple appliance, we said bitch use your finger. And now I have scientific Hathaway evidence to back me up. For the history books, it was not hailee but her character.

Out of character purple sky, the mighty quinn smiling down on eiza. La strada, how many times have i seen it and yet i sat down again intentionally unlike the do cum entry over the waffen ss...
I fugured, later, the spartan fighters of the axis and i still cannot imagine invading Poland with only eighteen thousand men especially given they were'nt even together instead they were scattered into squadron units. Remarkable, even without the reference of time. 

In previous days, I also went back to Demon Seed which cannot be put into a genre and i suppose made a nice bookend for Singularity. 

In between, I also went back to Enter The Dragon for having viewed Birth Of The Dragon. Enjoying both even as I realize jotting down what has been injected into my audio visual aspect goes against the narrative to some extent yet hopefully it allows the reader a greater insight into the green room as it were of this production. 

The page is slaughtered, the entrails now what do they portend? Is it a foretelling of the end of this trial in Kuala Lumpur? Runs the blood through a city of veins in the bodies of millions of souls none of them free any more than you or me and yet some of them and even we ourselves will feel the freedom sound ring when the clock stops in that Malaysian court room that's been counting down to a hanging.



BRIM 219  I've "quoted"  these words, perhaps, in the early stages of the manuscript but not within the typing...his helmet was stifling, it narrowed his vision and he must see far, his shield was heavy, it threw him off balance and his target was far away...

how fitting they feel now as i contemplate the contrary nature of my dreams as of late...eastern noon standard time still turning over and away from sunday and knowing that to oversleep would mean missing the start of doan and siti's morning...i stood next to one of those very large xerox machines and struggled to pull a tall man away from it...you can't sit with us...awoke still dragging down his collar but it was too early yet...i got up around the right time but utterly devoid of rest...elsewhere the scenes had been hurried and haunted...dirt on my legs, scrubbing. a woman playing with a naked man who appraches me with a water pinball machine...that is a pinball machine filled with water, a slow motion game i reckon and it was on a dirt floor this dream out in some unconstructed countryside...i think now how about underwater pinball...ever since i was a young boy i played the silver ball...the who calling out yemen sayeth helena and at this point i can only go hmm...how far i feel now as i contemplate what might really behind the subject matter i am trying to pen. position ink but it's only me and all i want to do is hold on to a dream, a dream girl...

re-position ink but it's only a plea which desires that doan and siti be set free...

I consider who or what the target might be...everyone wants it to be north korea or maybe russia, but deep down where it counts we know that it must be otherwise...China seems to be the reasonable choice but this charade cannot be exclusive to them no there must be something to gain for Malaysia...Perhaps even South Korea and the United States...as Kim Jong Un implied. No bonehead would kill a member of his blood family three days before celebrating his father for the obvious reason that people in the crowd might start to get ideas....The big bopper ain't no rube and as for Russia well Kim Jong il was russian and from my intelligence sources daddy Putin more often than not identifies with men like the leader of North Korea or even Lybia feeling that the balance is possibly more important than the disruptive power struggle...can't smoke it daddy long stroke! can't toke it; daddy long stroke...wanna be holds up the international one inch pecker sign with her jigaboo fingers...whaddaya mean it's illegal to love my own daughter...laporte, you could get five years...huntington...twenty five years the samoan man took to tasting his seventeen year old girl until she gave birth to three of her own sisters...she's my daughter and my sister...not even cosmopolitan could save you...where was i oh yes, now if i were like running these stories, you know the ones, shot to death slash nothing taken which then lead to conspiracy theories well i would come right out and jessup say it sure young and rich and well you want me on that wall or whatever i mean the fuck i buckle up i bounce into welll if it is about the corruption of the DNC and extended democratic johnson swabs that get no follow up from the mainstream do i hurl the spear or hold it some more? I like south korea and despite all my kicking i like china too so what am i do? there is no xerxes that i can see except for najib yet he is only a puppet to even greater forces...what that mouth do? i am only a poet yet i find myself at war over the fact that two women are being held in a land that does not hesitate to hang.  moreover, i have found myself a bit too prone to accident by vehicle which obviously leads one to question the source...how could this mostly trivial writing incur such an overturned stop sign? circe says i never really turned anyone into swine...the wine flowed, mary kate and ashley have another sibling...elizabeth the tall...all she said was the twins held her down and told her even if you don't think anyone is going to read it they might pull quotes later... and the bribe goes to pussy whipped inky, this is pussy whipped inky's sixth nomination and first win for the bribe...thank you, thank you so much, thank you to the academy, all of you in this room except diblasio and his masturbator...brim was a product of the tireless efforts of an unbelievable cohorts...

BRIM 220 I wants to address my self! I wants to do it as best as i know how!! To those that I have wronged, to those that I have sinned!!!  First of all my wife, Farah. The ottolux clan never gave a man a better help mate and companion.  And as far as this Brim has been taken through the ether waves to the great cities of the wold and cover this globe it would never have been done were it not for her pussy, her tits, her mouth...I cheat because even if get two dollars from amazon, i will still take the twelve cents from red bubble. And so having seen the light i wants to preach the word of BRiM here tonight, BRIM is all powerful! make up your mind!!! whosoever will make it up filth and rot and powers of darkness will not whip me!!!!!! make up your mind, those fake sites are going they are going one way or the other but thye are going...i am going to have victory, the preachers may say i caint but i'm gonna have it, make up your mind!!!!!!!!!! and when you make up your mind BRIM will be there with you...the book of brim, inky utters these words on page 139 music arose like the jumping man in the mask...i ask you tonight do you love music does it thrill you does it stir you??? then look at the music of doan and siti even as it plays without a sound!!!! innocence it is jumping up and down!!! innocence this is a mistrial...for a long while i have not had my guitar in my hands..i have gone waiting, i have gone penance even wanting to play and all to prove the point to punctuate the BRIM...literary critics will argue if this section blows or that section blows...but you will know when the work gets done that BRIM will outshine them all!!!! even man hole dargis!!!! celebrating the evil democrats drunk on amdur wine mouthwash hell if jimmy swaggart were here he'd tell you what you need; you do not have hope for whatever it is that you are seeking and when hope is removed there is nothing left but despair and so you need hope and you need it bad hey maybe you can find it here instead of attacking actors that are giving it their all on the screen anyway there it is and for real preaching check out jsm.org...condo unit real name shoes even with the cheerleaders holding a yellow python the tcu went down to oklahoma and so either we find new ways to release the frogs or i'm giving up on college football as lizzie put it at the koos shindig ride or die - why am i almost caustic with it, because i have been priviledged to experience a nearness with the muses that few other scribes have come close to...it may be that no other might have neared it...they lost their way, i may not be too versed in geometry, politics,  persian history, or even readers digest reports but i got this far and even got fresh polaroids from north korea...such pretty faces, compliments to france 24 for the polaroid gimmick...the world shakes tonight iran japan iraq costa rica...what was it that i wroted ah yeah bless the artist before it's torn apart and gone...ahem noon time in a high profile murder case hearing trial and not one word from the press, not even a picture yet in today's entrance dress. They say hell hath no fury, yet as we know they are often wrong. Woman scorned here is thy BRIM like a boss tearing up the tracks of history itself. 
BRIM 216

LIKE A POPSCICLE (NOT A HOT DOG)  
by broiler and the pedophiles
copyright don't tell anybody music 2017

there you go with those texas teeth
didn't i tell you i think it's really a sin
little girl if you want to have my beef
let me tell you how to make it grin


like a popsicle 
not a hot dog
like a popsicle
it ain't no bacon hog

i know you got your homework stack
and i know you got your meals on wheels
little girl but i got your nightcap snack 
come on and suck it's right here

like a popsicle yeah yeah
not no hot dog no no
like a popsicle up in the air
come on child take it and go

remember to relax if you feel it choke
go ahead and swallow when it's wet
hold it a while like bong hit toke
it ain't work you won't even sweat

cool like a popsicle popscicle
not no hot dog mustard log
like a popsicle ride bicycle 
make my balls bounce like a frog


BRIM 217 

Thursday in Kuala Lumpur meaning over a month of the trial with only one court sketch released through the media. It sort of feels like a waiting game. Stare down and blink first...Eyes wide shut, everywhere...Stanley took fifteen months to film that movie and it's Wednesday here late evening. 

I don't feel like writing within the fragments of their echo because it will sound hollow and thin that is without substance for instance when they reveal a name already long ago reported in say February well will the readers feel that I am insulting their intelligence or memory as I feel they are affronting mine? I react to it, but do I want to or need to continue...I tell myself, no. Yet I also know that letting it go might mean allowing Doan and Siti to be put to death...Women dying in the place of the men or as they casually reference it in parts of the press the masterminds...

At this crossroads, I suppose the only thing to do is to follow the feeling as it flows or finds itself. 

Indeed, there is really nothing say until the time arrives for it to be said. We know that truth and justice are rarely what they should be as in the highly annotated american crime saga which was recently made into television and film material yet nobody played the o'jays back stabbers...

I did, however, find myself entertained by the obvious fact that all these people are nearly shouting North Korean guilt and or responsibility but nobody is pressing charges...When you feel the attention turned upside down and backwards and pointing at yourself in terms of previous actions attitudes or even fantasy well you know that what they want is business as usual even if it means killing two women...two innocent women.  

During this work in progress, it has happened and what is worse is the implanted thought which is immediately transmitted like an indictment of brim's intention or stance...Happens so fast that there is no time to think, wink...You can only be seen in so many ways, add one wrong reflection and it puts everything else into doubt, i reckon. Yet they forget that brim is only a container overflowing in a work in progress set of notes which when attacked become - at least to my thinking - more powerful and more profound than i imagined and so more valuable and yes valid...That is, making the mattter of these innocent women a lot more urgent.  Now, they have not limited this corruption to me but have deployed the false thoughts against some that are or might be in agreement...Devious and borderline criminal contempt of individuality! Swift facts that connot be proven for being ethereal, intangible save for within thought's flesh or feeling's breath. They push and yet the shove is not seen much like the dangerous politics of democrats in america...Tell yourselves and tell others; REAL LIBERTY BREEDS INEQUALITY and even slavery others might add. That said, it is fine to force me this way or that for i am confident that even if i only get a few excellent pages from this manuscript well it will still be a notch above many others. However, I have not yet found any agreeable way in which to balance within moral emotions the elimination of these women. are they not your daughters, sisters, mothers? are they not your wives? where is the wisdom that speaks to dismantle their existence for the sake of an overwheight preppy predisposed to a playboy lifestyle or even his allegedly in danger male offspring that might make the world a better place by taking the reigns of north korea...I realize i am rambling in a world made of fluff and sound byte echoes from the chinese american corporate machines but still even in our fake equality there must be a space and a time to say hey not these women, these were pawns in fact even if they held knowledge they had no personal motive except possibly payment and how can we hold that against them when most of their like are chained to the working week  or sold for the price of let us say a self propelled cadaver carrier...We cannot, we should not! the lack of outrage is bewildering even if some intentions are clandestine or even if all of it is a cover up for even greater corruption than say North Korea firing a missile into the deep blue sea...Are you all guam dotards? Will none of you join me in demanding the freedom of Doan and Siti from Malaysia? How does their detention improve your world...How will their hanging build upon the progress of society? I will go further, remove pyongyang entirely from the world and you will still have africa and all its dictators, the middle east conflict plus syria, iraq, afghanistan, not to mention overpopulation, poverty, sickness, did i say yemen and venezuela and last but not least nuclear waste!  on the other hand, in saving them, we are giving hope to all the women in that part of the world and beyond, we are saying you can make a mistake and be set free.  

Perhaps, brim has spilled onto the tracks and has slowed the march of their press machine hounds as the barking has been muffled down to scattered whimperings this week and so they have turned their attention and sought maybe bought ways to bring me down and yes i am in some sorrow and yes i am stumbling to see how to continue or even to stop until another time...

More likely than not I am only expecting that they will convene and return on monday, but I will accept the sound of a mistrial. Happily. 


BRIM 215 THE ABSOLUTE FAT CONVERSATION TURNED...TO BE CLOSE TO HIS FOUR OF HIM IN SHAKESPEARE -  come and see and i looked and i saw and i beheld bar and wine restaurant on the leather steeds they ride loosened screws on the back of the tongue marlon brando turned down the role of julio saying didn't valentino do that and i don't dance the tango... In my experience half the men I met lied about their height, hence the question perhaps? Sure a lot of women lie about their weight so I suppose they should be ready for that question. It's online dating, most everyone lies/omits/etc Lady Shri Ram College Men with manners dont ask how much a woman weighs especially if you are actually with her in the physical. What is the point??? . It is like asking a man how much he earns. There are plenty of lies told by both genders. How about you load a clear full length photo on your profile? You may be hiding a beer gut!! cab printing press occult nottingham handball ava from asplay mann trinity it sort of progressed from there...viborg denmark oooossssmmm as in osm you faddduu HOW MUCH DID DIBLA SEE OH PAY FOR RE-ELECTION this is a disease that humans have got what is here is nothing to do with humanity i assume it's a family name make it stop bitches aren't born they are made Three months new to me devotion have you ever met any himalayan HUNTER LORD image bank stage prop heat jitters the kid is whizzing around like a buzz saw whistle stop crab kid it wasn't so much that but they would jews in two other areas bringing with them the concept of theater because they are urban islands lurianac BUFFOONS WELDED WITHIN FOLLY are you going to eat that IT IS BETTER TO TABULATE i'd rather be thin than famous WORKD OF THE SUDDEN synthetic human flesh for cannibals on a diet  HEY FARAH WILL YOU EAT THE PLACENTA what what did i say oh please don't say that if i can't be with you she's going to make me go see broiler and the pedophiles COMING UP THE CHARTS ON CHILD-KICKER 76.9 FM IT'S LITTLE STEPS ACROSS THE BORDER BROILER AND HIS SWINGING PEDOPHILES WITH THEIR NEW SENSATION like a popsicle not hot dog...THE CONVERSATION TURNED FAT...there ain't been this much talk of four since the rebbe let one of them ethiopians grow up with his foreskin...WHAT IF WE NEED THIS TYPE FOR THE BLACK CUBE OPS...well, i reckon it will still be a while before anything actually resembling justice bounces out of the court but is the fault really in our stars? he starts, he stops. 









